you
Good afternoon. I'm Anasaro from Palantir's Finance Team and I'd like to welcome you to our fourth quarter 2025 earnings call.
We'll be discussing the results announced in our press release issued after the market closed and posted on our investor relations website.
During the call, we will make statements regarding our business that may be considered forward-looking within applicable securities laws,
including statements regarding our first quarter and fiscal 2026 results,
management's expectations for our future financial and operational performance,
and other statements regarding our plans, prospects, and expectations.
These statements are not promises or guarantees and are subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause them to differ materially from actual results.
Information concerning those risks is available in our earnings press release distributed after the market closed today and in our SEC filings.
We undertake no obligation to update forward-looking statements except as required by law.
Further, during the course of today's call, we will refer to certain adjusted financial measures.
These non-gap financial measures should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, or an isolation from, gap measures.
Additional information about these non-gap measures, including reconciliation of a non-gap to comparable gap measures,
is included in our press release and investor presentation provided today.
Our press release, investor presentation, and other earnings materials are available on our investor relations website at investors.palantir.com.
Over the course of the call, we will refer to various growth rates when discussing our business.
These rates reflect year-over-year comparisons unless otherwise stated.
Joining me on today's call are Alex Karp, Chief Executive Officer, Shyam Sankar, Chief Technology Officer, Dave Glazer, Chief Financial Officer,
and Ryan Taylor, Chief Revenue Officer and Chief Legal Officer.
I'll now turn it over to Ryan to start the call.
Our fourth quarter results are nothing short of historic, capping off a monumental year for our business.
In Q4, overall revenue surged 70% year-over-year, our highest growth rate as a public company,
propelled by the relentless momentum of our U.S. business, which now commands 77% of our total revenue,
up 93% year-over-year, and 22% sequentially.
Our rule of 40 score reached new heights at 127, up 46 points year-over-year,
and 13 points quarter-over-quarter, proving that hypergrowth and exceptional profitability aren't mutually exclusive,
but rather the inevitable outcome of Palantir delivering transformational impact at scale.
We closed our highest TCV quarter ever at $4.3 billion,
and fourth quarter trailing 12-month revenue from our top 20 customers increased 45% year-over-year
to $94 million per customer, a testament to our customers' conviction.
Our customers aren't tentatively trying AI, they're committing to it at scale with Palantir as the driving force.
The rapid advancement of AI models is continuing to drive the commoditization of cognition.
The next step is for the market to differentiate between those who are supplying the commoditization of cognition
and those who are scaling the leverage made possible by it.
We are the only enterprise software company that made a conscious choice to focus exclusively on the latter,
delivering real-world value for our customers by maximally leveraging these models in production.
Palantir is an N of 1. This is what makes a rule of 127 possible.
This is why customers who've crossed the chasm with Palantir, the AI haves,
are defining the future of their industries, while those still on the other side, the AI have-nots,
are fighting for survival in the present.
As Johnson Controls noted about our work together, quote,
it is really incredible to see that you can transform a 140-year-old company with the power of AI.
I'm seeing this play out across our customer base.
We are moving customers from AI adopters to AI native enterprises, transforming execution into exponential advantage.
This is summed up best by an executive at Thomas Kavanaugh Construction who noted, quote,
we've gone all in so much so that every other software must justify its existence,
and so far, they haven't been able to.
97% of our employees use Foundry every day. Foundry is our operating system.
And he continued, quote, the ontology is the secret weapon.
Nothing else comes close.
And not only are we getting rid of third-party software,
we've replaced their functionality and then beaten them to new features all within the year because of the ontology.
Our U.S. commercial business group 137% year-over-year and 28% sequentially,
building on the blistering pace of 121% year-over-year in Q3 and 93% year-over-year growth in Q2,
defying conventional enterprise software dynamics.
This isn't just growth, it's compounding acceleration.
AIP continues to fundamentally transform how quickly our customers realize value,
collapsing the time from initial engagement to transformational impact.
Lear noted at our recent DevCon conference,
their experience starting with 100 users and four use cases
and growing to 16,000 users and 280 use cases.
We're seeing the effects across our entire customer base.
Existing customers are expanding faster and larger.
For example, a utility company expanded from $7 million ACV in Q1 2025 to $31 million ACV by year-end,
while an energy company expanded from $4 million ACV in Q1 2025 to over $20 million ACV by year-end,
driven by value generated from new use cases.
In addition, new customers are starting with substantial initial deals.
A healthcare company completed two bootcamps with us last summer
and signed a $96 million deal with us before the end of the year.
An engineering services company saw a series of demos in the fall,
then signed an $80 million deal before year-end.
Speed to production and transformational scale is no longer optional, it's existential.
Palantir remains the only platform delivering that speed at enterprise scale.
This revolution isn't limited to just companies,
it extends to countries with the US leading the way.
Our US government business grew 66% year-over-year and 17% sequentially,
driven by our mission impact across the Department of Defense,
as well as accelerating momentum in civil agencies.
The US Navy awarded Palantir a contract worth up to $448 million
to modernize the shipbuilding supply chain and accelerate delivery of naval vessels.
This engagement exemplifies how Palantir's supply chain expertise,
honed across commercial and defense customers,
is now being deployed to solve some of the most strategically important challenges facing our nation,
including rebuilding its maritime industrial base.
The strength of our US government results reflects a fundamental reality.
In an era of intensifying global threats and budgetary pressure,
the government is turning to software that actually works
as speed, precision, and decision advantage are paramount.
We're entering 2026 with extremely strong footing.
Everything we built over two decades is converging into this moment
and we're charging into the year with unmatched conviction
as the defining enterprise software company of this generation.
I'll now turn it over to Shyam.
Thanks, Ryan.
Our focus with AIP continues to be enterprise autonomy,
our normative view of the value of AI in the enterprise.
HiveMind now lets the AI develop novel solutions to immersion challenges
and to identify hidden opportunities.
And the rest of AIP enables you to turn those ideas into an implemented reality.
Close loop evolution of the business with AI,
possible because of AIP and ontology.
The HiveMind framework is being applied to broader problem sets.
We used HiveMind to generate a bespoke AIP demo
for a specific customer based only on their website and other public information.
The company CTO was blown away by how good the demo fit their internal challenges,
even though it was only based on information in the public domain.
HiveMind is just that good.
We're going to continue to invest in closing the loop between HiveMind's output
and the autonomous execution of these ideas at our customers.
AIFD continues to delight.
AIFD is now capable of powering complex SAP ERP migrations from ECC to S4.
Years of work now done in as little as two weeks.
And we are generalizing AIFD's capabilities to do this
for a broader and broader set of problems at our customers.
AIFD and OSDK has unleashed pro-code builders in our platforms.
We serve over 1 billion API gateway requests a week
from applications built by our customers on top of AIP with OSDK.
Maven usage is at all-time highs,
supporting simultaneous real-world events across combatant commands in the joint force.
Maven will continue to be rolled out to all combatant commands
and many more networks over the rest of this government fiscal year.
But Maven is also pushing to the edge.
We completed a live-fire exercise with Maven coordinating with UAV assets
through our new Maven edge agent called MAGE,
enabling the declarative statement of mission intent
in fully on-board planning,
reaction to emergent battlefield realities, and execution.
AIP is becoming the default builder platform in the Department of War.
Uniformed service members, primes, federally-funded research and development centers,
all in Maven, Vantage, Envision, Warp Core, and more.
All building, not just consuming, AI applications.
We're seeing green suitors and blue suitors building their own agent swarms
to transform how they fight.
As with any good revolution, the innovation is coming from the edge,
not the program offices.
It's the E4 in Hawaii, the E8 in South Carolina.
These are the folks pathfinding how AI is transforming the joint force,
with every code commit they make.
Gotham's new suite of integrated capabilities, platform run foundry, met their moment.
Kairos for integrated planning and sync matrices,
Nexus for dynamic command relationships and unit task hierarchies,
and Workbench to automate collections, fires, and battle damage assessment.
These aren't three standalone capabilities.
There are three new dimensions of the prism
that turn battlefield complexity into lethality.
They all work together, building on each other.
Warp speed continued to build momentum across American industry.
Ship OS was the most significant development in Q4,
rolling out warp speed to accelerate submarine production and sustainment
across shipbuilders, shipyards, and critical suppliers.
At one shipbuilder, we took planning from 160 hours of effort to 10 minutes.
At a shipyard, we took material review from weeks to less than an hour.
But most exciting to me is proving what we always believe to be true,
that AI will create jobs.
This is one of Kevin's paradox in action.
By reducing the deadweight loss of time spent planning
and ensuring the availability of materials,
one of our customers was able to add a third shift.
Because now there was more work waiting to be done
that was shovel ready and executable.
We've been so impressed with the latent talent
in the submarine industrial base
that we're launching an American tech fellowship exclusively for them later this month.
This will be an eight-week course to upskill users at suppliers and shipyards
with their own AI applications,
unleashing the profound domain expertise to accelerate the delivery
of one of our military's most important capabilities.
Other warp speed wins.
One customer making a mature weapon system at full-rate production
was able to improve root cause analysis coverage
from less than 20% to over 99% in less than a week.
On the other end, a different customer making a brand new weapon system
constantly changing designs was able to see a 40x improvement in throughput
with a production system that scales with the design velocity
rather than breaking under it.
With that, I'll turn it over to Dave to talk us through the numbers.
Thanks, Sean.
We had an exceptional fourth quarter
with a rule of 40 score increasing 13 points quarter over quarter to 127.
In the fourth quarter, we generated our highest ever
reporter revenue growth rate of 70% year over year
exceeding the high end of our prior guidance by over 900 basis points
and representing a 3400 basis point increase
compared to the growth rate in Q4 of last year.
Full year 2025 revenue grew 56% year over year.
On the strength of our 2025 results,
we're getting a full year 2026 revenue of 7.190 billion at the midpoint
representing 61% growth year over year.
We reached another billion dollar milestone in the quarter
with revenue from our US business surpassing a billion dollars for the first time.
Accelerating demand for AIP continues to drive the app performance
in our US business overall which grew 93% year over year
and 22% sequentially in the fourth quarter.
Our US commercial business grew 137% year over year
and 28% sequentially
and our US government business grew 66% year over year
and 17% sequentially.
We delivered these outstanding top line results with expanding profitability.
In the fourth quarter we generated 798 million in adjusted operating income
representing a 57% margin and exceeding our prior guidance by 500 basis points.
Full year 2025 adjusted operating income was 2.3 billion
representing a margin of 50%
and expansion of 1100 basis points compared to 2024.
We generated 2.3 billion in adjusted for cash flow for the full year
representing a 51% margin and 82% growth year over year.
Turning to our global top line results
fourth quarter revenue grew 70% year over year
and 19% sequentially to 1.407 billion.
Full year revenue grew 56% year over year
to 4.475 billion.
Fourth quarter US revenue grew 93% year over year
and 22% sequentially to 1.076 billion.
Third quarter US revenue grew 75% year over year
to 3.320 billion.
Exceeding impact of revenue from strategic commercial contracts
fourth quarter revenue grew 72% year over year
and 19% sequentially
and full year revenue grew 59% year over year.
We closed our highest ever quarter of TCV bookings
at 4.3 billion up 138% year over year.
This eclipses our prior highest quarter of TC bookings
just last quarter by over 1.5 billion dollars.
Customer count grew 34% year over year
and 5% sequentially to 954 customers.
Revenue from our largest customers continues to expand.
Fourth quarter trailing 12 month revenue
from our top 20 customers increased 45% year over year
to 94 million per customer.
Now moving to our commercial segment.
Fourth quarter commercial revenue grew 82% year over year
and 23% sequentially to 677 million.
Full year commercial revenue grew 60% year over year
to 2.073 billion.
Excluding impact from strategic commercial contracts
fourth quarter commercial revenue
grew 86% year over year
and 24% sequentially
and full year commercial revenue
grew 65% year over year.
We closed 2.6 billion in commercial TCV bookings
in the fourth quarter
representing 161% growth year over year
and 83% sequentially.
AIP continues to drive existing customer expansions
and new customer conversions in the US.
Fourth quarter US commercial revenue
grew 137% year over year
and 28% sequentially to 507 million.
Full year US commercial revenue
grew 109% year over year
to 1.465 billion.
Excluding revenue from strategic commercial contracts
fourth quarter US commercial revenue
grew 142% year over year
and 28% sequentially
and full year US commercial revenue
grew 113% year over year.
In the fourth quarter
we closed 1.3 billion of US commercial TCV bookings
representing growth of 67% year over year.
In 2025 we closed 4.3 billion
of US commercial TCV bookings
of 161% increase from last year
highlighting the accelerating demand
for AI production use cases.
Total remaining deal value
in our US commercial business
grew 145% year over year
and 21% sequentially.
Our US commercial customer count
grew to 571 customers
reflecting growth of 49% year over year
and 8% sequentially.
Fourth quarter international commercial revenue
grew 8% year over year
and 12% sequentially to 171 million.
Full year international commercial revenue
grew over year to 608 million.
In the fourth quarter
we closed 1.3 billion of international commercial
TCV bookings
driven by long term renewals
that we signed with several long standing
international commercial customers.
Revenue from strategic commercial contracts
was 2.1 million for the quarter
representing 0.1% of overall revenue.
We anticipate first quarter
2026 revenue from these contracts
to between 1 and 3 million
compared to 5.1 million
compared to 2025.
We anticipate 2026 revenue
from these contracts to be less than 7 million
or less than 0.1%
of full year revenue.
Shifting to our government segment
fourth quarter government revenue
grew 60% year over year
and 15% sequentially
to 730 million.
Full year government revenue
grew 53% year over year
to 2.402 billion.
Fourth quarter US government revenue
grew 50% year over year
and 17% sequentially
to 570 million.
Full year US government revenue
grew 55% year over year
to 1.855 billion.
This growth was driven by continued
execution in existing programs
and new awards reflecting the growing demand
for AI in our government software offerings.
Fourth quarter international government revenue
grew 43% year over year
and 9% sequentially
to 160 million
in our continued work in the UK.
Full year international government revenue
grew 47% year over year
to 547 million.
We closed our highest ever quarter
of TCV bookings
of 4.3 billion
up 138% year over year
and 54% sequentially.
On a dollar-weighted duration basis
TCV bookings grew
166% year over year.
Net dollar retention was 139%
and increased to 500 basis points
from last quarter.
The increase was driven both by
expansions at existing customers
and new customers acquired in Q4 of last year
as we see the effect of the
AI revolution.
Net dollar retention does not include revenue
from new customers that were acquired in the past 12 months.
It does not yet fully capture
the acceleration and velocity
in our US business over the past year.
We ended the fourth quarter
with 11.2 billion in total remaining deal value
an increase of 105%
year over year and 29% sequentially
and 4.2 billion in remaining
performance obligations
an increase of 144% year over year
and 62% sequentially.
In the fourth quarter
we signed a few significant long-term renewals
with long-standing international customers
which provided tailwind to RPO growth.
As a reminder
RPO is primarily comprised of our commercial business
as it does not take into account contracts
with an initial term of less than 12 months
and contractual obligations
beyond termination for convenience clauses
both of which are common in most of our government business.
Turning to margin and expense
adjusted gross margin
which excludes stock-based compensation expense
was 86% for the quarter
and 84% for the full year
adjusted income from operations
which excludes stock-based compensation expense
and related employer payroll taxes
was 798 million in the fourth quarter
representing an adjusted operating margin
of 57%.
Full year adjusted income from operations
was 2.254 billion
representing a 50% margin.
Q4 adjusted expense
was 608 million
of 5% sequentially
and 34% year over year
primarily driven by our continued investment in AIP
and elite technical hiring.
Full year adjusted expenses
were 2.221 billion
of 28% year over year.
We continue to expect
expenses to increase in 2026
as you remain committed to investing in the product pipeline
and the most elite technical talent
all while delivering on our goals
of sustained gap profitability.
Fourth quarter gap operating income
was 575 million
representing a 41% margin.
Full year gap operating income
was 1.414 billion
representing a 32% margin.
Fourth quarter gap
net income was 609 million
representing a 43% margin.
Full year gap net income
was 1.625 billion
representing a 36% margin.
Fourth quarter stock based
compensation expense was 196 million
and equity related
employer payroll tax expense
was 27 million.
Full year stock based compensation expense
was 684 million
and equity related employer payroll
tax expense was 156 million.
Fourth quarter gap earnings per share
was 24 cents
and full year gap earnings per share
was 63 cents.
Fourth quarter adjusted earnings per share
was 25 cents and full year
adjusted earnings per share was 75 cents.
Additionally
our combined revenue growth and adjusted operating margin
accelerated to 127%
in the fourth quarter
a 13 point increase to our rule of 40
score from the prior quarter
and our 10th consecutive quarter
of an expanding rule of 40 score.
Our full year rule of 40 score was 106%.
With our 2026
revenue and adjusted operating income guidance
we were getting to a rule of 40 score
of 118% for the full year.
Turning to our cash flow
in the fourth quarter
we generated 777 million
in cash from operations
and 791 million in adjusted free cash flow
representing margins of 55
and 56% respectively.
For the full year we generated
2.13 billion in cash from operations
and 2.27 billion
in adjusted free cash flow
representing margins of 48 and 51%
respectively.
We ended the quarter with 7.2
billion in cash, cash equivalents
and short term US Treasury securities.
Now turning to our outlook
for Q1 2026
we expect revenue of between
1.532
and 1.536 billion
and adjusted income from operations
of between 870 and 874 million.
For full year 2026 we expect
revenue of between
7.182
and 7.198 billion
US commercial revenue
in excess of 3.144 billion
representing a growth rate of at least
115%.
Adjusted income from operations
of between 4.126
and 4.142 billion
adjusted free cash flow
of between 3.925
and 4.125 billion
and gap operating income
and net income in each quarter
year.
With that I'll turn it over to Alex for a few remarks
and then Anna will kick off the Q&A.
Well welcome to
our
earnings call
celebrating one of the
truly iconic
performances in the history
of corporate performance
or technology
just to underscore
some of the
numbers that Glazer
read in
a kind of dry form
which is very hard to do.
This company
grew
93% in the US
we had an aggregate growth of 70
yes that's a 70 handle
we have a rule of 127
and we are guiding
to 61% growth this year
now those results
would be stellar
and sublime for a company that
was in a much earlier stage
of its development
but we
have been doing this for quite a while
and you just cannot expect
a company like ours
to perform at anything like this level
at the beginning of last year we were guiding to
roughly in the 30%
which would be a stellar
performance for a company
at the end of the year we grew our company
almost 20% in one quarter
you were a company sitting in continental Europe
or in Canada
or in any other
similarly situated country
and you grew your whole company
20% and you had a rule of 50
you would be one of the premier companies
in your nation if not in your continent
and we also did this
while supporting in critical manner
some of the most interesting
intricate unusual operations
that the US government
has been involved in
many of which we can't comment on
but we're the highlight of last year
and we're highly motivating to all of us
at Palantir
and so this really just raises the question
what do bombastic numbers like this mean
because
if you're growing a company like ours at 40%
you would then say somehow
this is tethered to a broader category
which is doing well
but with a rule of 127
and 70% aggregate growth
93% growth in the US
and the numbers speak volumes
that we are an N of 1 category
of our own and we are doing things
unlike any other company has
done which is of course
been confounding to people over the years
because they said we were a services company
when we were doing FDEs
they said that our products were somehow
merely software in fact they are
implementation orchestration machines
and no one thought
we'd be able to generate this kind of revenue
while having an anemic and
declining sales force
and this obviously
has import for the world
and what does it mean for the world
well it means that
first of all that the way in which we view value
is obviously no longer
relevant that the bottom of the stack
somehow is where the value
is lessened in the top of the stack
where we impregnate the world with AI
with ontology and FDE
and tribal knowledge is represented at this table
is actually where the value is created
and that value is so large
and so disproportionate
that you can create a company
that seemingly is exploding
in terms of growth and quality of growth
it also means the riff
we've been saying for years that it's chips and ontology
meaning investing purely
in commodity products at LLMs
that are not orchestrated
of course it not only ruins
the union economics of your business
but it also provides
the market with a very distorted view
of what value creation would mean
because obviously if you're making revenue
with no way of making profit
because the cost of it is so high
that's not valuable and obviously
if you're producing something
that is the same thing everyone else is producing
it's obviously of de minimis or no value
so we've inverted the stack
we've proven that the investment
in what we've done
is with small numbers
can have disproportionate impact
both on top and bottom line
that there's a real
hesitance to adopt these kind of products
in the west outside of America
and the two places leading here
are China and America
and what we're seeing in America
is so widely divergent
and so the non-adopters
the have-nots
are hoping for a Kessup function
but these numbers
are a breakout function
with these numbers you've broken through
to a new category
not the category
the basket of category of AI is actually meaningless
it's the basket of category
of performant value creation
with the tools we have at hand
of which AI is crucial
and to believe you can go
and build companies without this
is supremely dangerous
and we're going to see over the next year
companies that adopt things
that actually work
we know ontology, FDA
orchestration is explosive
it's revolutionary
and obviously companies cannot be expected
to perform at this level
because this is truly historic
but how do you even perform at half this level
is going to be a real question
for tech companies
and a real question for countries
can we produce companies that are producing
what we produce in a quarter in a year
and one of the things we've got to figure out
in the west is how do we do this
and this is putting enormous political
pressure on our
corporations because obviously
political leaders struggle with
how do I provide value
when there's a disproportion have and have not
now in the Palantir version
the haves are the workers
and the people that know how to actually
use these products
the ground truth of this is so far away
from what people intuitively believe
it's actually not the capitalist
against the workers it's the capitalist
and the workers
but that's very confounding to political leaders
structures that don't know how to adopt this
and cultures that are not producing these kind of products
last not least
these numbers
are extraordinary because they're fully
organic they're not just organic
because we don't do acquisitions
we don't do acquisitions because we are a thick
dense culture
which means you'd have to fit in
and we have the perfect excuse
now of not being able to do them because no one has
numbers like this and they would reduce
our numbers to do acquisitions
but they're also
fully organic in the sense that we have
no intertwined economics
Palantir has direct
relationships
with our clients in defense
Intel and commercial clients
we are not co-investing
we are not investing in commodity
products
the numbers are pure the purity
of the Palantir enterprise
and the courage of the enterprise
we have lots of debates internally
about what we should do how we should do it
and but from the
beginning we have stuck to
our very strong values of
expanding what we believe
is the noble side of the West
which means being lethal on the front end
meaning outside
adversaries if necessary
hopefully adversaries do not want
to mess with us and on the inside
meaning domestic
institutions intelligence
institutions essentially
taking an incatenation
of the fourth amendment
which is completely represented
by our pipelining foundry
and in pregnating institutions
with it so that every institution
that uses our product is doing it
with conformity of the law and the ethics
of America and hopefully
a logical extension of those around the world
thank you
thanks Alex we'll now turn to questions
from our shareholders before opening up the call
we received a question from
FJ who asks how are you thinking
about your international business and do you anticipate
reacceleration in the near future
for instance due to European rearmament
well Sean and Ryan should
comment on this but
one of the big difficulties
outside of America including the allies is
and again as these numbers show it's not
how much you spend it's with who
and so we
you know we're currently first of all
a parent here is in a unique position where
we really don't have the bandwidth
to do anything that's difficult outside of America
and as this learning
curve goes on it's more and more difficult
to help people understand how to implement these things
and the demand in the US is so great
but the core issue
for our allies is going to be
can we get to a point where there's a
clear recognition that you're going to have to
buy products that are much much more
advanced than what is
being built domestically
and that's complicated for them
because they tend to want to buy
products from themselves but
if you just go back to a wider frame
is this institution load bearing
is the purchasing
structure of a European country
actually allowed
to bear the load of buying the best product
can they understand the delta
in a way that allows them
to make a decision that
might go against the narrow
economics of their own country
and I think unfortunately what you see
in the Arab and non-Arab Middle East
so Arab countries in Israel
you see adoption, you see
wide scale adoption in China
and you see lack of adoption
in Canada, Northern Europe
and in Europe in general
but the real difficulty
for the world is
if Palantir is going to bear
a lot of the weight of this
work
we are scaling
the demands on our product
in the US government in defense and civil
are extraordinary
so
how do you in fact even justify
moving into something that's more complicated
a real issue and again
but the issue ends up being their issue more than our issue
I think one of the things you're going to see
in Northern Europe, Canada and other places
is a real pressure to move
to the left and right politically
very far because
the way you deal with this
when you don't have an answer to a question
that makes no sense and you try to implement them
and that's the pressure they're going to have
the pressure we're going to have as a company
as a country is how do we actually
service the demand
at the unyielding level of quality
that we demand from ourselves
and you know the bar at Palantir
is not where the best
it's that it's got to be magical
we're not in the business of delivering the best
products we're in the business of delivering magically
projects that are magical
on the front line and we
unfortunately can't talk about some of that
but we've seen that in the last year
magical implementations that have
actually changed how people view
U.S. deterrence obviously the primary heroes
here are the war fighters but
you know the implementation orchestration
which Shyam and many many people
at Palantir have spent
tireless nights working on has actually
changed what people are able to do
if you have any questions about that you can actually
if you speak or read French go into the French
newspapers the one of the countries
the clearest idea of the problem is France
but they don't really know how to
solve it because solution involves
buying American products particularly Palantir
nothing to add to that that's great
thanks Alex
our next questions from Mariana with Bank of America
Mariana please turn on your camera
and then you'll receive a prompt to unmute your line
good afternoon everyone
can you hear me
so two questions as usual
one in the commercial side
the other one in defense
on the commercial side
the markets have already decided
that 2026 is the
show me
story for AI
have you seen that in the customers
or so far partners like you talk
about this I think you call it hesitancy
but like over time
you have talked about like this resistance
from some corporates to
implement AI the way you thought
it was the right way
have you seen a change on that dynamic
the other one is related to
ship OS
ship building has not been the only thing that
the Pentagon has struggled to ramp up
there is a major effort
to reindustrialize the US
and especially the military
related stuff but like
is there an opportunity to have like I don't know
an ammo OS or a missile
OS and like where else we could see
that applied
so I would say our whole
commercial go to market strategy is showing
and actually
delivering value impact to our
customers directly as quickly as possible
and that's where we're seeing the stories of customers that are starting
at larger sizes
and expanding more quickly we closed
you know in our overall business we closed
61 deals over 10 million dollars
that's because of the impact
that we're delivering to customers and the customers are
you know I'm having a lot of this conversation with those customers
and they're all it's all because we're showing them
what we can do with the software and we're showing
the impact and we're the only one that's delivering
that leverage impact from the models
with the ontology with the FD
with our products in those organizations
in the again here you'd have to disambiguate
America from
all other markets but in the
American market we
we have in bounds where people
have already seen proof points at other companies
and not on one use case
it'll be like migration of this kind of product
underwriting
a myriad of use cases and
the conversation
two years ago was much more I've heard
you're kind of this weird thing that might be able to make it work
in general the conversation
now is I've heard you made this work
I don't understand
where you fit into a slot
the reality of Palantir is
we're not a one-slot company
so it's like if you want to view us
what people know us for is it will work
and it'll work really well and it'll be very quick
and then but
but a lot of our customers come
now with I know it'll work
what do I need to do to make this accelerate
and then on the
on the end where it's like not as positive
it might be
I don't quite understand how this would work
or why this would work but there's a lot
less of that and quite frankly
we're in a much better position to shape
who we work with than we've ever been
and part of what we're doing quite frankly is shaping
who we work with because
you know like Ryan is sitting on one of the
more interesting deployments both technically
and commercially and the person
running that deployment on their end de facto
is the CEO and they're very far
in the weeds and it's like
and they're like they've reshaped their org
to absorb our product
and like we've we've never
had anything like and it's the same thing
Shamsha talked about this in the DVD but it's not
one of the unusual things that
unfortunately we can't talk about is also
just how much we can shape
what's going on under the hood
including like
how do you orchestrate something in a
defense or civilian context
now it's not that we're the deciders
but it is the first time
that we can help shape
the footprint against which we
or against which we execute
not in all cases but in the first
for the first time in many and what
we need to get done this year is to expand
that it's much more
density of client base
volume we're into
transforming large institutions
and then making a lot of money with them
it's very counterintuitive
but because of that they
see very deep alignment and they're
willing to listen to us when we say yeah we know that won't work
like in the past we had to
show them it won't work now a lot of our conversations
look we know this won't work everyone thinks this
work this is some BS that companies tell
you it's never going to work
if you want the event planning
and the steak dinner you can
have that and quite frankly some companies
are like yeah we have some part of our company
that's not real we'll use some other company
that does event planning and steak dinners for that
and then we're part of the real part of the business
and on
defense and reindustrialization
obviously reindustrialization is something we've been talking about
for the better part of two or three years now it's something
we're very focused on it starts in defense
but I think it goes to
pharmaceuticals it goes to chain reaction
we're helping build data centers so like there's so much
activity there that we're uniquely
positioned to go after shams being overly modest
shams phone
rings off the hook all day and what they
want from him is how do I do this same thing
across government
that's literally what's happening
and that's what it's the ship OS of course we're starting
with the sub fleet but people are asking us to help
with all sorts of different weapons systems
fighters bomber surface vessels drones
weapons themselves munitions
and it's a big area for us that spans
not only the production of the weapon
but also sustainment of them
and if you think about lethality
the ability to deliver combat power
you need an integrated
ability to do this from the factory floor to the foxhole
and Maven is a huge
investment that has changed how we fight
across the joint force on the foxhole
side and what we're doing
that ship OS is really the kernel of
and is powered by warp
speed is how we're going to
reinvigorate the factory floor
and provide an integrated view
to the Pentagon through this
thank you
our next questions from Dan with
Dan please turn on your camera
and then you'll receive a prompt to unmute your line
yeah so great to see you
again and I might look
obviously a phenomenal quarter
but my question is
does it feel like you're getting
more and more of the budgets
on the commercial
as well as even on the
on the government defense side
when you go in to do
X and all of a sudden
instead you're doing Y
is that starting to happen now
you're just getting a bigger bigger piece of these budgets
when
when Palantir comes in
well if you look at
you look at our numbers very closely
what you will see is inexplicable
growth in revenue
but not inexplicable growth in customers
and it's inexplicable growth in revenue
because customers
that are serious are putting
a lot of their most important
problems in our hands
and then the value creation
we're downstream from that
but the value creation is so large
so it's both
it's not just that you get
more problems
it's that you solve them
in a way that is
determined from the business
and then they
they pay you a lot more
and then there's also just this
consensus right or wrong
that the alternatives to us are not great
you know it's like
you know I'm constantly
before these calls I get 50
texts could you please be more modest
and it's an issue
but
we struggle we all struggle with something
but the thing is
I think
the true answer to this it's not
like I don't understand this
false modesty of like
the customers we work with
know that we know things other
people don't
and we've been sticking
to the way we do things for a long
time and
now AI has just put gasoline
on all these tribal knowledge we have
in our products
I would say
and then we're much better
at actually I wouldn't say
being modest but saying
you may be a customer or a country
that's not getting this right now
like western Europe
I'm very pro western Europe
I've been admonishing
Germany in German
to like wake up
because I care not for commercial reasons
but the reality is
most people there are not
they're not ready
so it's like we're very
we're in a position to say yes
you understand what we can do
and this is how it work
the best examples are
all the stuff Shyam is doing and other people are doing
in government which cannot be talked about
but the initial discussions
are like well how would you shape the problem
no one's you know it's like
that's what people want from us
because like our
our weapons
our software is in every
combat situation I'm aware of
now maybe the more people with higher clearances
are aware of some things we're not involved in
so and people say well
this should not have worked and it did
and then on the commercial side
which is I think of great interest
to investors
I mean that's why we have
that's why we have a rule of 127
that's why we're growing 93% in the US
that's why our guidance is at 61%
it was at 31% last year
at the beginning of the year something like that
so it's like it's because
we have a very tethered and deep and dense
proximate relationship
with the leaders
in almost every field of industry
and last Jason's your question but
is like and these relationships
are not circular pay relationships
in any way it's like
we are we we provide value
I tell I mean not that it comes up very much
but I used to tell people all the time
we're just imagine we're a Swiss company
but
we have to pay us a little more like we deliver
a high value product we don't want any
BS about getting paid
we're not going to give you any BS about why our product
didn't work and offer you a steak dinner
or event planning event
we're going to deliver and then we get paid
and and like
and we got paid last year
a lot
127, 70
93
those are my favorite numbers
thank you
Alex as always we have a lot of
individual investors on the line is there anything
you'd like to say before we end the call
um
you know
when we are thinking about
what we're building we are building
these things
with our internal culture
our our defense
clients
partners
and and with
people who have put their own money
into pounds here
and
it's just a very important part
of why we continue to perform
and what motivates
a lot of us here and definitely me
um
and I hope that you are having
a great time when you run into
professional analysts
who thought we would never be free cash
pro positive we'd never be profitable
we'd never we'd never have a
two-handle a three-handle
a four-handle a five-handle
and now a seven-handle
on our aggregate growth
and the rule of 40 with some
uh unattainable category
uh although 127
is unattainable by everyone besides us
um so
I hope you're enjoying the ride
uh if there's always ups and downs
and there are ups and downs for all of us
we've been doing this for a long time
uh and um but
we're having fun tonight
I hope you are too
and uh yeah congratulations
thank you that concludes Q&A for today's call