Good afternoon and welcome to the Apple Q1 fiscal year, 2020 six earnings conference call.
My name is Suhasini Chandramali, director of investor relations. Today's call is being recorded.
Speaking first today is Apple CEO Tim Cook and he'll be followed by CFO Kevin Perreck.
After that, we'll open the call to questions from analysts. Please note that some of the
information you'll hear during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements,
including without limitation, those regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses,
other income and expense, taxes, capital allocation, and future business outlook.
These statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results or trends to
differ materially from our forecast, including risks related to the potential impact to the
company's business and results of operations from macroeconomic conditions, tariffs and other
measures, and legal and regulatory proceedings. For more information, please refer to the risk factors
discussed in Apple's most recently filed reports on form 10Q and form 10K, and the form 8K
filed with the SEC today, along with the Associated Press release. Additional information will
also be in our report on form 10Q for the quarter ended December 27, 2025, to be filed tomorrow,
and in other reports and filings we make with the SEC. Apple assumes no obligation to update
any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. I'd now like to
turn the call over to Tim for introductory remarks.
Thank you, Seahasene. Good afternoon everyone, and thanks for joining the call.
I am proud to say that we just had a quarter for the record books. We are reporting our best
ever quarter with $143.8 billion in revenue up 16% from a year ago and exceeding our expectations.
The demand for iPhone was simply staggering with revenue growing 23% year of a year and all
time records across every geographic segment. Services said on all-time revenue record as well,
up 14% from a year ago, and EPS reached an all-time record of $2.84, growing a robust
19% year over year. We set all-time revenue records in the Americas, Europe, Japan, and
rest of Asia Pacific, and grew in the vast majority of markets we track. We continue to gain
momentum in emerging markets, which includes India, where we saw strong double-digit revenue growth.
Greater China also grew 38% year over year, driven by iPhone, which had record
operators, and double-digit growth on switchers. Apple's December quarter results underscore
our relentless commitment to innovation, to our customers, and to our mission to build the best
products and services in the world. Now I'd like to take a closer look at results from across our
lineup, beginning with iPhone. As I mentioned earlier, it was a fantastic quarter for iPhone,
with an all-time revenue record of $85.3 billion, up 23% year over year.
This is the strongest iPhone lineup we've ever had, and by far the most popular.
Throughout the quarter, customer enthusiasm for iPhone was simply extraordinary.
Users were incredibly excited about everything enables them to do. iPhone 17 Pro and 17 Pro Max
delivered the ultimate iPhone experience. They feature the best-ever performance and
battery life on an iPhone, the most advanced camera system, and a striking design.
iPhone Air, our slimest and lightest smartphone yet, packs powerful capabilities into an
ultra slim and sleek design. And iPhone 17 is a truly fantastic upgrade at an incredible value.
Turning to Mac, revenue was $8.4 billion for the December quarter. We were pleased to see
the Mac installed base reach another all-time high with nearly half of customers who purchased
the Mac being new to the product. The M5 powered 14-inch MacBook Pro takes a huge leap in AI
performance thanks to the next generation GPU architecture and a faster neural engine.
From the world's most popular laptop for consumers and businesses in MacBook Air,
to the small and spectacular Mac Mini, every Mac in our lineup has something special to offer
users. And with the recently released Apple Creator Studio, available across Mac, iPad, and iPhone,
creators have more tools that their fingertips to making credible music or turn their devices
into a video production studio. Meanwhile, iPad solved December quarter revenue of $8.6 billion,
up 6% from a year ago, with an all-time record for upgradeers. We were proud to have our
strongest lineup ever, from iPad powered by A16, which is proving to be incredibly popular
to iPad Air with its amazing versatility to the unbelievably powerful M5 iPad Pro with its
remarkably thin and light design. It's no wonder that iPad continued to be the most popular
tablet in the world. Across wearables home and accessories, revenue was $11.5 billion. With Apple
watch Ultra 3 and Apple watch series 11, users are tapping into a comprehensive set of health and
wellness features to help them meet their health goals. In a recent survey, we see an increasing
number of users telling us they're wearing their watch to sleep, which allows them to check their
sleep scores each morning and find ways to improve their sleep quality. Apple watch alerts are enabling
important conversations between users and their doctors regarding potential signs of hypertension.
These are just some of the many ways that watch is helping people live healthier lives.
The response to AirPods Pro 3 has been amazing. Customers are raving about the rich, immersive
sound quality, the unmatched level of active noise cancellation, and the noticeably improved
comfort that makes them effortless to wear. Features like live translation are also changing
the way people can communicate by helping users connect across languages in real time and making
everyday conversations feel more natural and accessible. Together, these innovations create an
experience that feels both powerful and personal, and the enthusiasm we are seeing reflects
just how strongly AirPods Pro 3 are resonating with customers. Across our product categories,
we are seeing very high levels of customer satisfaction, and we are proud to report that we have
a new record for our installed base with more than 2.5 billion active devices.
During the quarter, we were excited to see that the majority of users on enabled iPhones
are actively leveraging the power of Apple Intelligence. Since the launch of Apple Intelligence,
we've introduced dozens of features, including writing tools and cleanup, and made it available
in 15 languages. These AI experiences are personal, private, integrated across our platforms,
and relevant to what our users do every day. We are bringing intelligence to more of what people
already love about our products, so we can make every experience even more capable and effortless.
One of our most popular features is visual intelligence, which helps users learn and do more than
ever with the content on their iPhone screen, making it faster to search, take action, and answer
questions across their apps. And as I touched on earlier, we are hearing powerful stories of
people using live translation to communicate seamlessly across languages. And these are just some
of the many powerful AI features that are enabling our users to do remarkable things with their
products, which are far in a way the best platforms in the world for AI. That's a no small part
because of the extraordinary power and performance of Apple Silicon. Building on our efforts in
the AI space, we are also collaborating with Google to develop the next generation of Apple
Foundation models. This will help power future Apple Intelligence features, including a more
personalized theory coming this year. We're incredibly excited for what's to come with so many
new experiences to unlock. Turning to services, we achieved an all-time revenue record of $30 billion
14% higher from a year ago. Services also set all-time revenue records in both developed and
emerging markets. Apple TV has seen fantastic momentum with December seeing a 36% increase in
viewership over the previous year. It's now wonder with shows like Plurobus, which are creating
landmark cultural moments that audiences are loving. Anticipation is building for upcoming
new productions like Cape Fear from Stephen Spielberg and Martin Scorsese. And we are thrilled
to announce that Ted Lasso will be returning for a fourth season this summer. Six years since launch,
we're excited by the growing enthusiasm viewers have for Apple TV and we are grateful for the
accolades that have followed most recently at the critics choice and golden global awards.
Today, Apple TV productions have earned more than 650 wins and more than 3,200 nominations
including a recently announced Oscar nomination for Best Picture for F1, the movie.
And speaking of F1, we're also approaching the start of a new formula one season and for
F1 fans in the U.S. Apple TV will be the place to watch every practice qualifying, spread,
and Grand Prix. MLS fans will also be able to watch every regular and postseason game
with their Apple TV subscription this year and we're looking forward to kick off in the coming weeks.
Looking back, 2025 was a fantastic year for services as we rolled out amazing new features and
broke records. Apple music climbed all time highs in both listenership and new subscriber growth.
Apple pay a limited more than $1 billion in fraud for our partners last year and we've made it
available in more markets than ever before. And last year, we welcome more than 850 million users
every week on average to the App Store, the world's safest and most innovative app market plays.
Developers have now earned more than $550 billion on our platform since 2008.
In retail, we continue to bring a magical experience to our customers all around the world
and we were thrilled to have our best ever results in retail during the quarter. We were excited to
open our fifth store in India and December and had plans to open another store in Mumbai soon.
Wherever we are, we see ourselves as part of a larger hole. That's why we show up with our values
in everything we do. That means working with partners in places like Vietnam to bring more
clean water to rural areas. It means celebrating graduations of new classes of innovators from
our developer academies in places such as Brazil, Indonesia and South Korea.
It means 3D printing titanium cases for Apple Watch using recycled materials so that they're better
for the planet without compromising quality and so much more. We're especially proud of the work
we're doing to support American innovation. Last year we committed to invest $600 billion over
four years in vital industries like advanced manufacturing, silicon engineering and artificial
intelligence. As we're building on our longstanding investments in America, we're supporting nearly
half a million jobs with thousands of suppliers across all 50 states. In the years since we made
our initial commitment, we're making great progress. Today we're shipping servers to power
Apple Intelligence from our new manufacturing facility in Houston. Through our advanced
manufacturing program, we're working with corning in Kentucky to make 100% of cover glass
for iPhone and Apple Watch. We're working with micron, which broke ground on a new advanced
chip packaging and test facility, and we continue to advance the development of an into-in
silicon supply chain across the country, sourcing 20 billion US chips in 2025.
Through our Apple Manufacturing Academy and Detroit, we're already training American
businesses and innovators on the latest smart manufacturing and artificial intelligence techniques.
Six months since opening, the Academy is already making an enormously positive impact for businesses
working alongside Apple engineers to drive productivity, efficiency, and quality in their supply
chains. As I said at the beginning of my remarks, this was in so many ways I remarkable
quarter for Apple. And we're excited for all the opportunities we'll have in the year ahead
to deliver innovations that have never been seen before, and enriched the lives of users every step
of the way. With so much to look forward to in the weeks and months ahead, I have every confidence
that our best work is yet to come. With that, I'll turn it over to Kevin.
Thanks, Tim, and good afternoon, everyone. Our revenue of $143.8 billion was up 16%
year over year, our best quarter ever. Across the world, we set all-time revenue records in both
developed and emerging markets. And we saw a double-digit growth year over year across the majority
of the markets we track, including the U.S., Latin America, Western Europe, greater China,
India, and South Asia. Products revenue was $113.7 billion, up 16% year over year, driven by double-digit
growth and iPhone, setting a new all-time record. And as Tim mentioned, thanks to our strong
levels of customer loyalty and satisfaction, our install base of active devices has now surpassed
2.5 billion, reaching another all-time high across all product categories and geographic segments.
Services revenue was $30 billion, up 14% year over year. This performance continues to be
broad-based with double-digit growth and almost every market we track. We also reached all-time
revenue records for advertising, cloud services, music, and payment services with December quarter
records on the App Store and video. Company Gross Margin was at 48.2% above the high end of
our guidance range and up 100 basis points sequentially driven by favorable mix and leverage.
Products Gross Margin was 40.7% up 450 basis points sequentially driven by favorable mix and
leverage. Services Gross Margin was 76.5% up 120 basis points sequentially driven by mix.
Operating expenses landed at $18.4 billion up 19% year over year. This was within the range
we provided and driven by increased investment in R&D. Net income was $42.1 billion and diluted earnings
per share was $2.84 but 19% year over year. Both net income and diluted EPS were all-time records
and using incredibly strong business results drove an all-time record for operating cash flow
coming in at $53.9 billion. Now I'm going to provide some more details for each of our revenue categories.
iPhone revenue was $85.3 billion up 23% year over year driven by the iPhone 17 family.
iPhone saw strength around the world reaching all-time revenue records in many of the markets who
track including the U.S. Greater China, Latin America, Western Europe, the Middle East, Australia,
and South Asia as well as a December quarter record in India. The iPhone active installed
Bay's grew to an all-time high and said a new all-time record for upgrades in aggregate
and across many countries including the U.S. China mainland, Japan, and India.
According to a recent survey from world panel, iPhone was a top-selling model in the U.S.
urban China, the UK, Australia, and Japan. Customers are loving the latest iPhone lineup.
The latest customer satisfaction for the iPhone 17 family in the U.S. was measured at 99%
by 4.51 research. Mac revenue was $8.4 billion down 7% year over year.
As we described in the last call, we faced a very difficult compare against the M4 MacBook Pro,
Mac Mini, and IMac launches in the U.S. quarter. Despite this difficult compare,
we continued to see growth in several emerging markets including Brazil, India, Malaysia,
Vietnam, and more. And as Tim mentioned earlier, the Mac install base reached another all-time
high with nearly half of the customers who purchased a Mac being new to the product.
And in the U.S. customer satisfaction for Mac was measured at 97%.
iPad revenue was $8.6 billion, up 6% year over year, driven by the M5 powered iPad Pro,
and A16 powered iPad. We continued to add new users to the iPad. In fact, over half the
customers who purchased an iPad during the quarter were new to the product. This helped the iPad
install base to reach an all-time high, and we also reached an all-time high for upgradeers.
Based on the latest reports from 4.51 research, customer satisfaction was 98% in the U.S.
Wearable's home in accessories revenue was $11.5 billion down 2% year. During the quarter,
we experienced constraints on the AirPods Pro 3, and we believed the overall category would have
grown had not been for these constraints. The wearables install base reached a new all-time high
with over half of the customers purchasing an Apple watch during the quarter being new to the product.
And in the U.S. customers had as factually recently reported at 96%.
Our services revenue reached an all-time high of $30 billion, up 14% year over year.
As we said earlier, we had all-time revenue records on advertising, music, payment services,
and cloud services, where we saw a double-bidget growth on paid subscribers.
We continued to be optimistic about the future of our services business,
with our install base of over 2.5 billion active devices. We have an incredibly strong
foundation for new growth opportunities. We saw increased customer engagement across our service
offerings, with both transacting and paid accounts reaching all-time highs in the quarter.
And we continued to improve the quality and expand the breadth of our services offerings.
From new wallet features like digital ID, which provides a way for users to create
ID and wallet using information from the U.S. passport to additional ads coming to search in the
app store, which provides advertisers more ways to drive down low-chim search.
Turning down enterprise, organizations are continuing to expand their fleet of Apple devices
to drive productivity while remaining secure. Snowflake has deployed over 9,000 Mac devices
company wide. Establishing Mac as a primary laptop across all business units, resulting in
increased performance and a reduction in support tickets. AstraZeneca is rolling out over 5,000
M5 powered iPad Pros to its pharmaceutical sales team to take advantage of AI capabilities,
including Apple intelligence, while meeting with clinicians daily.
And in Mexico, Copel, the country's largest domestic retailer recently added MacBook Air in addition
to a growing fleet of over 10,000 iPad devices. Let's turn to our cash position in capital
return program. We ended the quarter with $145 billion in cash and marketable securities.
We had $2.2 billion of debt maturities and decreased commercial paper by $6 billion.
Resulting in $91 billion in total debt. Therefore, at the end of the quarter,
net cash was $54 billion. During the quarter, we returned nearly $32 billion to shareholders.
This included $3.9 billion in dividends and equivalence and $25 billion through open market
repurchases of 93 million Apple shares. As you move ahead into the March quarter,
I'd like to review your outlook, which includes a types of forward-looking information that's
you hosting referred to. Importantly, the color we're providing assumes that global
tariff rates, policies, and their application remain in effect as of this call, and the global
macroeconomic outlook does not worsen from today. We expect our March quarter total company revenue
to grow by 13 to 16% year-over-year, which comprehends our best estimates of constrained iPhone
supply during the quarter. We expect services revenue to grow at a year-over-year rate, similar
to what we reported in the December quarter. We expect gross margin to be between 48% and 49%.
We expect operating expenses to be between $18.4 billion and $18.7 billion,
which is at a similar level to what we reported in the December quarter, and driven by higher R&D
on a year-over-year basis. We expect OI and E to be around $100 million, excluding any potential
impact from the market market of minority investments, and our tax rate to be around 17.5%.
Finally, today our Board of Directors has declared a cash dividend of 26 cents per share
of common stock payable on February 12th, 2026 to share holders of record as a February 9th,
2026. With that, let's open to all the questions.
Thank you, Kevin. We ask that you limit yourself to two questions.
Operator, may we have the first question, please?
Certainly. We'll go ahead and take a first question from I meet the Yani of Evercore.
It's, I have two, maybe we'll start with, you know, there's a lot of focus on the impact of
memory to host a company, and I'd love to kind of get you all perspective when you
face a guiding gross margin into the market, but I'll just talk about, you know,
A, your comfort and securing the bits that you need for shipment, and B, how do we think about
memory inflation, flowing through Apple's model over time?
Yeah, I met at Hyatt's town. Let me back up a bit and talk about the constraints that Kevin referred to
in his remarks and memory trying to get both of these out at once.
First of all, we were thrilled with a customer response on the latest iPhone lineup.
It exceeded our expectations to say the least, and, you know, iPhone grew 23%.
What the result of that was was that we exited the December quarter with very lean channel
inventory, due to that staggering level of demand. And based on that, we're in a supply
chase mode to meet the very high levels of customer demand. We're currently constrained,
and at this point, it's difficult to predict when supply and demand will balance.
The constraints that we have are driven by the availability of the advanced nodes that are
SOCs are produced on. And at this time, we're seeing less flexibility and supply chain the normal
partly because of our increased demand that I just spoke about. From a memory point of view,
to answer your question, memory had a minimal impact on the Q1, so the December quarter
gross margin. We do expect it to be a bit more of an impact to the Q2 gross margin,
and that was comprehended in the outlook of 48 to 49% that Kevin gave earlier. Beyond Q2,
you know, we don't obviously provide outlooks beyond the current quarter, but we do continue to see
market pricing for memory increasing significantly. As always, we'll look at a range of options to
deal with that. So hopefully that gives you the full, full view.
Yep, no, thank you. I appreciate all the clarity on that, Tim.
You know, maybe the other second question that I have to you is, you know, maybe just touch on the
China strength you folks had. I think this is very close to all-time high revenues we've had
in China. What's driving the strength over here? And just thought of the durability of the
growth rate, which I'm in the December quarter would be helpful to understand. Thank you. Sure.
Greater China was a 38% year on year. It was driven by iPhone, where we set an all-time revenue
record. So it was the best iPhone quarter in history in Greater China. It's driven by the
customer enthusiasm for the iPhone 17 lineup. And I would tell you that during the quarter
traffic in our stores in China grew by strong double digits year over year. It was a terrific quarter.
Our install base reached an all-time high in both the Greater China and mainland China.
And we set an all-time record for the Upgraders and we saw strong double-digit growth on switchers.
And according to a survey from oral panel, iPhones were the top three smart phones in urban
China during the quarter. So it's really driven primarily by the product strength and the
customer response to the product strength. We do see on non- iPhone products that the majority of
customers that are buying a Mac and iPad watch are still new to that product. So that's a very
good sign for us. And if you look at iPad on that same survey, iPad was the top tablet model in
urban China. And according to counterpoint, the MacBook Air was the top selling laptop model and
Mac Mini was the top selling desktop model in the December quarter. So overall a great quarter in
China. We could not be more happy with it. Awesome. Thank you, Amit. Operator. Can we get the next question
please? Our next question is from Eric Woodring of Morgan's Family. Please go ahead.
Great guys. Thank you for taking my questions. Tim congrats on announcing the partnership with Google
and we're all excited to see what you bring to market later this year. When I think about your AI
initiative, you know, it's clear there are added costs associated with that. We're obviously seeing
that flow through an apex. Can you help us understand maybe what the revenue upside potential
that exists with AI? I have many of your competitors have already integrated AI into their devices.
And it's just not clear yet what incremental monetization they're seeing because of AI,
but you're always disciplined with investing. You obviously have a differentiated product.
So how do you monetize AI and what's the timeline to realizing that ROI? Then a quick follow-up. Thank you.
Well, let me just say that we're bringing intelligence to more of what people love and
we're integrating it across the operating system in a personal and private way. And I think that by
doing so, it creates great value and that opens up a range of opportunities across our products and
services. And we are happy with the collaboration with Google as well. I should add.
Okay. Thank you, Tim. And then maybe just a follow-up. Now that you have kind of more time
and data to evaluate this cycle, can you maybe help us understand what the primary factors are driving
strengths in the iPhone? I'm sure there's a number of factors, but if you, if you had to point to
one or two, just what would they be and how sustainable do you think those are? I think it's different
for different cohorts of where people are coming from in the device that they have. But it's a
combination of things always that make the products saying it's the display, it's the camera,
it's the performance, it's the new selfie camera, it's the design, the design is beloved. And so it's
all of these things that come together at once and have our producing a very strong product cycle
as witnessed by our December quarter results. Great. Thank you, Tim. Best of luck. Yeah. Thank you.
Awesome. Thank you, Eric. Operator. Can we get the next question, please?
Well, now go to Michael A of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Wonderful. Good afternoon. Thank you for
the questions. I have two as well if I could. First, you know, we're encouraging to hear about the
revenue growth outlook of 13 to 16% for the March quarter. I was just wondering if you could
you to talk about any any comps that we should be particularly aware of as we kind of think about
each of the product categories. I know last year you guys had MacBook Air with M4,
the iPhone 16E, the iPad O16 and the iPad Air with M3. So just wanted to ask if those things
would create tough comps or is it just less of an issue just given the new product outlook? Thank you.
Yeah, Mike. It's Kevin. How are you? Thanks for the question. Yeah, I wouldn't say there's any particular
comp issue that we'd note is as you recall last quarter. We talked about the difficult comparison.
We had a Mac. But there's nothing that rises to that kind of color that we outlined in the
outlook. And so I think it's just, you know, continuation of the strong cycle we're seeing subject
constraints that I had mentioned in the prepared remarks that Tim alluded to a little earlier as
well. Great. Wonderful. And then, you know, just on on services, you know, advertising, you know,
strong in the quarter. I wanted to ask about some of the, you know, new core with opportunities
and in advertising. I know you guys are doing the new ad slots in the App Store. Maybe you could just
talk a little bit about that and then any plans to do more in advertising across other products like
maps or TV. Thank you. Yeah, sure. Mike, what I was saying just if I step back in general, I think
as we outlined, we saw a really good broad-based performance in our cross-reservices business,
so ranging from, you know, all-time records and advertising, music, payment services and cloud
services. So I think we see really good opportunities across a lot of our service categories.
And we continue to, you know, add new service offerings. We talked about, you know, what we added
to the, to the wallet, like, digital ID and in your reference, the additional, I'm kind of additional
ads coming in the search in the App Store, which we are excited about. It provides, you know,
advertisers, more ways to be discovered. And so I think we'll continue to look for ways to expand
opportunities to add to users and also, you know, create opportunities for Apple. I think
as we talked about, we created, you know, across a really significant milestone at two and a half
billion, you know, active devices, so we really feel excited about the opportunity that provides
for our services business as well.
Wonderful. Thanks for the thoughts, Kevin.
Sure thing.
Thank you, Mike. Operator, can we get the next question, please?
The next question will be coming from Ben Ritz's of Melis, please go ahead.
Yeah, hey, guys, how are you?
I'm Ben.
Hey, Tim, first question is on Google partnership again. I wanted to understand how you came to
that decision with regard to the AI and theory in particular, and if there's an opportunity for
you guys to share in revenue to with that partnership like you do in search. Thanks.
Yeah, we basically determined that Google's AI technology would provide the most capable
foundation for AFM. I'm sorry, Apple Foundation models. And we believe that we can unlock a lot of
experiences and innovate in a key way due to the collaboration.
We'll continue to run on the device and run in private cloud compute and maintain our industry
leading privacy standards and doing so in terms of the the arrangement with Google, we're not
releasing the details of that.
Oh, bummer. Okay, well I tried. So, yeah, you knew it would be me. So, the next question is on
gross margin, you know, I'm pretty shocked. I got to hand it to you, Tim. I'm, you know,
that you're able to do 48 to 49. What's really going on there? How are you doing that with this
memory? The man prices? Is it due to mix that there's, you know, a good, a less hardware and
more services and services margins are going up? How are you doing it? To go to, to keep it at
48 to 49? Yeah, Ben, this is Kevin, how are you doing? Let me start maybe by just reflecting on
the Q1 gross margin. I think we've talked about the fact that we landed at 48.2%. So, just
about the high end of the range that we provided, you know, in the last call. And I think you
could look at that performance. You know, we were up 100 basis points sequentially. We talked about
the fact that we had favorable mix. I mean, as you know, when we have a good product cycle,
strong price cycle, we're seeing for iPhone that does lend itself to a bit more favorable opportunity
on the mix and leverage side. So, we're having a strong iPhone cycle as Tim outlined. And so,
that also transit itself. We talked about products sequentially, one up by 450 basis point. So,
I think, in general, I think we're just seeing favorable mix dynamics as well. You know,
services continues to contribute as well. That business is growing, you know, double digits.
So, that also is a contributor. And I think that, you know, if you look at our guidance, you know,
we're providing a similar range to where we reported in December. And there's going to be a few
puts in takes. You know, we do expect to see favorable mix in the services. As you know, when we move from
Q1 to Q2, the time is to be the case. And that's partly offset by a seasonal loss of leverage.
So, there'll be puts in takes. But, you know, again, we feel pretty good about the guide of 48 to 49%.
We're just similar to the range we reported in December. Wow. Okay. Great. Thank you.
All right. Thanks, Ben. Operator. Could we get the next question, please?
The next question will be coming from David Locke of UBS.
Great. Thanks, Patrick. Take my question. Maybe maybe Tim or Kevin, if we could pull out a little bit,
can you help us understand how you're thinking about the overall kind of smartphone market demand,
particularly given where memory prices are headed, and we've heard some conversations with some
other OEMs, as well as component providers that are worried about either the availability of components,
potential market weakness in terms of demand, destruction, if some of the actions to offset
or higher prices, I know you don't give out looks for the flea, but how are you thinking about all
of those different sectors and what that made me for the overall smartphone market,
and then ultimately what that might mean for demand for iPhones as we move through the rest of this
calendar year. Yeah. On the on the supply side, I had made comments earlier about the constraint
that we are seeing in Q2, you know, we and that's reflected in the revenue guidance that Kevin gave
earlier. The constraint, as I had mentioned, is due to the advanced node capacity, and
it's really a result of growing so well in Q1 with a 23% and having less flexibility
partly due to that in the in the in the process to increase it as much as we would like to increase it.
Beyond Q2, I don't really want to comment on supply, you know, it supplies the function
of a lot of things in the industry that move around a lot, so I would want to comment on that.
And I commented before on the on memory pricing, and so I hopefully got answers your question.
In terms of this, in terms of smart phone demand, you know, we believe that based on the
the information that we've got is we gain share in the December quarter, obviously the market
wasn't growing at 23%. So we we feel good about doing that, and but I don't I wouldn't want
to predict how the market reacts in the in the future. It's very difficult to do that.
Got it at the risk of not getting the answer that I'm going to follow up with. Can you maybe help us
understand, you know, you mentioned there's a range of options that you're looking at. How do we
should we think about kind of like LPAs in the marketplace? I mean, is that an option as we move
through the year or is it more spot-based from a on a perspective, particularly around memory?
Just want to get a better sense for how we should think about kind of the dynamics in the marketplace.
It's a range, and so I don't want to get more specific to that. I mean, they're different
lovers that that we can push and who knows how successful they'll be, but there's just a range of
options. Great. Thanks guys. Yeah. Great. Thank you, David. Operator, can we get the next question,
please? One of you take question from one moment from Bank of America,
so for now, please. That's why thank you. Tim, on services, you grew a pretty impressive 14
percent, and I know you said that the app store was a record for the December quarter,
but third party data showing a notable deceleration in app store world, maybe seven percent
on the December quarter, a lot of two year or 14 percent growth. We're hoping if you could
maybe confirm that in secondarily, if it's correct, what might be some of the drivers of that,
and what could be things that you could do to reverse that in future quarters that I'm a follow-up?
Hey, Wombsie, it's Kevin here. I think I think you want to reiterate the fact that during the
summer quarter, we had a quarterly record on the app store, as you know, we don't provide, you know,
specific color on how the individual services categories have done, but again, if we step back,
I think we saw, you know, again, broad-based growth across all the different categories,
also across, you know, various geographies, we had, you know, all-time records in both
developed and emerging markets as well, so and double the two growth in both of those two,
and so I think in general, you know, we don't provide, you know, the color at the detailed,
you know, services level. Okay, thanks, Kevin. I guess back to the memory provides,
I appreciate your average of options to address that. Historically, apples not used a
pricing lever unless, in an FX market, Scott may be very dislocated to prevent arbitrage or issues like that,
but given some of these unprecedented moves in memory, would pricing be a lever that
you would be willing to pull our portion outside of every other thing, but, you know,
outside of everything else that you can do. Yeah, I wouldn't want to speculate on that one.
Okay, thanks. Thanks, Womsey. Operator, could we have the next question, please?
When I go to Samy, Charity of GP Morgan, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Yep, hi. Thanks for taking my questions.
Maybe for the first one, I'm just looking at your capital investment in the first quarter,
which did moderate from the last one, and wondering if the partnership with Google on Gemini
and sort of help collaboration to develop the next generation of apples foundation and models,
it does that have any neoterm sort of impact on your intent to use apple private cloud. I know
you emphasize sort of the rule apple private cloud plays in the long term, but are there any changes
on that front through this collaboration? Any thoughts around that, and I'm a quick follow-up. Thank you.
Yeah, sure. I think this is Kevin here. I think in general, you know, as Tim outlined,
we're going to provide any details on our, you know, arrangement and collaboration with Google.
Just speaking of CapEx in general, you know, as you know, we have a hybrid, you know, a model for CapEx.
And so I think that, you know, what happens is our CapEx can be volatile, independent of kind of the
volume of the performance of our business. And as you know, our CapEx is made of several different
line items that include tooling, our facilities, retail investments, our retail store, data centers.
And on tooling and data centers, we, we, we, we leverage this hybrid model that I mentioned before,
which we leverage a combination of first and third party capacity. So in general, it's hard to
read into the CapEx and, you know, drawing conclusions. And so I think I would just say there's going to be some
absent-flows and CapEx. Last year, remember, we did build out our private cloud compute environment.
And so we did have CapEx spending related to that in our, in our results in December.
All right. And my follow-up probably is for you again. You did mention product,
gross margin and these sort of drivers there for the product, gross margin, improvement.
And when you sort of highlighted makes as a driver, can you just sort of talk through what are the
big differences and makes you're seeing for iPhone 17 versus 16 and bit tariffs and tariffs coming in
more favorable player role at all and what you're expecting for tariffs for the next quarter.
Yeah. So there's a few things done back there. So on the overall margin and product side,
I think I mentioned that we had favorable mix of products and leverage. I think given the strong
iPhone cycle we're seeing that was, I would say probably a higher favorability than you might
have seen, and maybe other cycles. And as well as, you know, in Q1, typically we do see the impact
of the cost structure of our new products that we launch. And in this case, we were seeing a more
favorable offset from mix of products and leverage versus historical, you know, sequential
changes from Q4 to Q1. On the tariff piece, we had outlined a amount of 1.4 billion for the
December quarter and we landed roughly in that range and, you know, at that level.
Thank you. Awesome. Thank you, Samik. Operator, could we have the next question, please?
Well, now go to creation. Sancar of Chidi Cowan. Please go ahead.
Okay, hi, thanks for taking my question. The first one I have for us for Tim, I think you touched
up on this earlier on the Gemini integration and Apple Foundation model. How do
think about kind of like the, you know, the difference between Apple Foundation model functionality
and third party models, like, you know, does the Apple Foundation model evolve to a different
layer in the AI software stack? How do think about it as you partner with third-party
frontier models that are follow up? Yeah, Chris, you should think of it as a collaboration.
And we'll, we'll obviously independently continue to do some of our own stuff, but you should
think of what is going to power the personalized version of Siri as the collaboration with Google.
God, God. Awesome. A little quick follow up for maybe Kevin or Tim, just, you know,
a lot of discussion on memory pricing. Given that the memory constraint or commodity
capacities impacting both the smartphone and the PC markets and Apple are you having more purchasing
power? Do you think this is a chance for it increase your market share both an iPhone and
Mac at the expense of competition who might have more constraints in getting access to memory?
Yeah, I don't want to talk about kind of what has happened and we, we do believe
as I had shared that iPhone gain share in the December quarter. And if you look at Mac for the full
year of full calendar year 25, we also believe we gain share. And so we, we feel very good about
our position. Thanks, Tim. Yeah. Thank you, Chris. Operator, could we have the next question, please?
What are you going to achieve, Malik, calling from city? Please go ahead.
Hi, thank you for taking my questions. The first one for Tim, I think some of the industry
pundits are comparing the iPhone 17 upgrade cycle to the 2020, 2021 years as some of the iPhone 12,
30 users upgrade. curious, if you agree with that view and also if you can layer on the impact
from Apple intelligence to the refresh rate? I think each iPhone cycle has its own unique characteristics.
And so I wouldn't compare it to a specific one. I think iPhone 17, the family of 17 is a unique
product that brings several very compelling features in one product and it has done extremely
well. And so we, we feel, you know, quite good about it. Yeah, not if I just add the Tim's comment
that we talked about the fact we had a large and diverse install base of customers. And so this product
has really resonated with multiple cohorts, whether you're on older devices or newer new
iPhones as well. So we've seen really strong reaction to the product lineup. Great, as my
follow-up, there were a lot of discussions to play, constraints and I'm surprised that you guys
are constrained on advanced packaging as you generally get your share at the big foundry.
And how long will these supply impact your ability to ship through demand? It's difficult to
estimate demand when you haven't met the demand. And so we, we've obviously we have internal
estimates on that, but I don't, I don't want to share those. But it's, it's very difficult and just
to be clear, it's the advanced nodes that we, like three nanometer to be specific, where our
SSCs are the latest SSCs are produced on as to what is, uh, gating the Q2 supply.
And it's the, it's a direct result of the 23% growth and, you know, that far outstripping
what we had internally estimated and having more limited flexibility in the supply chain
for some period of time. But I don't want to estimate when supply and demand will balance
at this point.
Very helpful. Thanks. All right. Thank you, Otis. Operator, could we have the next question,
please? The next question will be coming from Aaron Rakers, kind of from Wells Farzo. Please go ahead.
Yeah, thanks for taking the question I have to as well and I'll try and stay away from the
memory question. I'm curious and, you know, obviously a lot of focus on the China demand, but I'm
curious, you also call about India and so can you maybe unpack some of the things that you're
seeing in the Indian market, um, you know, as far as iPhone traction and any kind of color on,
you know, what is the very large install base in India that seems to be a, a good growth
opportunity for Apple still? Yeah. Thanks for the question. We did set a quarterly revenue record
during the December quarter and to go a little further down, we set quarterly revenue records
on iPhone and Mac and iPad and an all-time revenue record on services. So it was a terrific quarter in
India. We really like what we see there. It's the second largest smartphone market in the world
and the fourth largest PC market. So, and we still have despite a very nice growth history,
we have modest share there and so we think there's a huge opportunity for us there.
And we could not be more excited about it. If you look at the, the other thing that I would point out
is that the majority of customers that are buying iPhone and Mac and iPad and watch are all new to
that product. And so it speaks very well to opportunity there. Yeah, and I know, and how do you
mention the install base? We're seeing strong double digital growth in the install base in India as well,
which is really encouraging. Yep. And then as a quick follow-up, you know, kind of tied to
memory, maybe not so much. But, you know, part of this current generation, you know, iPhone cycle
is you clearly deepen some of your own internal silicon capabilities on the device. I'm curious
if this is that, if we should think about that as a lever and maybe a supportive factor to
grow some margin, that might be under-appreciated and, you know, any thoughts on, you know, where we go
from here as far as continual opportunities of internalizing your own silicon. Thank you.
Yeah, I'll let Kevin talk about the growth margin, but in terms of the product,
which is at the heart of what we think about in the user, Apple silicon has just been
a incredible game changer for us. Starting with iPhone and then on iPad and of course,
the Mac as of a few years ago. And so we believe it's a game changer and a major competitive
advantage. And as far as, in fact, I'm going to go as margin, you know, we have been as you know,
investing in core technologies like our own silicon, our own modem. And certainly while those
do provide opportunities for cost savings and can be plugged in of margins, they also importantly
provide, you know, the differentiation that's really important for our products as well and give us
more control over our roadmap. So I think there's a lot of strategic value to it, but also we are
seeing, you know, investments in our core technologies impacting, you know, grows margin in a positive way.
Yeah, thank you. Awesome. Thank you, Erin. Operator, could we have our last question, please?
Most certainly, our last question, because we've been from Richard,
Kramer, calling from Iraq Research. Thanks for your head. Thanks very much. I have two questions.
Tim, when you think about how Apple might manage AI, do you see that evolving towards more
edge AI or on-device services versus cloud-based AI? And are you confident you've reserved
sufficient data center capacity to support the widespread Syria adoption, especially given that you're
not following the other hyperscalers and sharply increasing capex? The answer is that we see
both being important, on-device and the private cloud compute. And so we don't see it as an
either or we see it as a buzz. And you know, and we believe it's a differentiator
because of our privacy approach. In terms of, do we have enough capacity?
It's hard to estimate with precision what the demand will be. But we've done the sort of
the best job that we can do and either have or are putting capacity in for it.
Okay, and you also, you mentioned the 2.5 billion active device number, but Apple intelligence
features have only been available since the 15 pros. So can you speak at all to roughly
what portion of your iPhone or overall active device install base is now AI capable? And has this
been a factor in maybe a more gradual pace of launching wider AI services?
Yeah, Richard, this is Kevin. You know, we don't provide that specific number, but it is a growing
numbers you can imagine in our install base and so we're encouraged by the amount of devices
now that are capable. But we're not going to provide a specific figure on that today.
Okay, well, had to try. Thank you.
Alright, thank you, Richard. A replay of today's call will be available.