Welcome and thank you for standing by.
At this time, participants are in a listen only mode.
Today's conference is being recorded.
If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time.
Now I will turn the meeting over to Olympia McNurney, IBM's Global Head of Investor Relations.
Olympia?
You may begin.
Thank you.
I'd like to welcome you to IBM's fourth quarter, 2025 earnings presentation.
I'm Olympia McNurney and I'm here today with Arvin Krishna, IBM's Chairman, President
and Chief Executive Officer and Jim Cavanaugh, IBM Senior Vice President and Chief
and Angela Officer.
We'll post today's prepared remarks with a reply of today's webcast on the IBM Investor
website within a couple of hours.
The earnings presentation is already available.
To provide additional information to our investors, our presentation includes certain non-gap
measures.
For example, all of our references to revenue and signings growth are a constant currency.
We provided reconciliation charts for these and other non-gap financial measures at the
end of our presentation, which is posted to our investor website.
Finally, some comments made in this presentation may be considered forward looking under
the private security of litigation reform Act of 1995.
These statements involve factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially.
Additional information about these factors is included in the company's SEC filings.
So with that, I'll turn the call over to Arvin.
Thank you for joining us today.
Let me start by reflecting on our strong performance in 2025 and the execution of our
investor day model, then getting to more detail on the quarter.
We are excited about the progress we made in 2025.
Delivering 6% revenue growth, our highest level of revenue growth in many years, and 14.7
billion dollars of free cash flow, our highest level of cash generation in forward a decade.
As we laid out at an investor day in February 2025, we are executing on our strategy to advance
IBM as a software led hybrid cloud and AI platform company.
We entered 2025, intently focused on investing in innovation and productivity initiatives
to accelerate our shift towards durable, higher growth and markets in software with expanding
margins and strong free cash flow.
Today software represents approximately 45% of our business, up from about 25% in 2018.
software grew 9% our highest annual growth rate in history with 3 of our 4 software
sub-segment delivering double digital growth rates.
Innovation value can also be seen in our IBM Z performance up 48% this year achieving
the highest annual revenue for Z in about 20 years.
I am proud of our achievements in 2025 as we exceeded all of our target metrics for revenue
growth, profitability and free cash flow that we laid out at our investor day.
Our flywheel for growth is underpinned by client trust, flexible and open platforms,
sustained innovation, deep domain expertise, and a broad ecosystem and that's exactly what
played out for the year. Let me not touch on the macro. We continue to operate in a dynamic environment,
but one very prime demand remains resilient in the categories that matter most to IBM.
Enterprises are prioritizing technology investments that drive productivity, resilience,
and flexibility, particularly in hybrid cloud AI and mission critical infrastructure.
These technologies are no longer viewed as incremental tools, but as platforms that fundamentally
changes our business scale, compete and operate. As clients modernized core systems,
redesign workflows and seek to extract more value from growing volumes of data,
expectations for integration, security and performance continue to rise.
These trends are structural and they align closely with IBM strategy and strengths.
Now turning to our execution in the fourth quarter, we deliver total revenue growth of 9%
or highest level in over three years. Software growth accelerated to 11% in the fourth quarter,
driven by the strength of our diversified portfolio. Both data and automation are getting strong
momentum with clients, growing 19% and 14% respectively in the quarter. As AI adoption accelerates,
enterprise clients are increasingly focused on how to keep operations running smoothly
in a more complex and hybrid environment fueled by a surge of new applications.
Our intervent portfolio of leading automation and data solutions
help clients manage and optimize operations, automate infrastructure and workflows,
build resiliency, secure and govern data, and drive cost efficiency.
Consulting continue to grow up 1% reflecting increased demand for AI services as clients need
help designing, deploying, and governing AI at scale. At infrastructure, deliver another
robust quarter, growing 17% driven by strength and Z17, which has been outpacing Z16 performance.
A key contributor to this momentum is the innovation value we are delivering
with Z17 processing 50% more AI inferencing operations per day than Z16
and bringing real-time inferencing capabilities inside IBM Z. The breadth of our AI offering
is another key differentiator. Combining an innovative technology stack with consulting at scale
and our client zero journey. A cumulative Genie I book of business now stands at over $12.5
billion of its software is more than 2 billion and consulting is more than 10.5 billion
with both seeing the largest quarterly increase to date. As we look at the evolution of AI,
our opportunity is to make it easy for clients to build AI that is specific to their data,
their processes, and their competitive needs, including the effective use of smaller,
more efficient models where they make sense. That is why IBM's approach spans consulting,
what's the next, or a genetic platform orchestrate, and red hat AI. Our announced acquisition
of confluent is another pillar in this strategy. Helping unify our hybrid cloud and automation
solutions through a smart data platform. Confluent has the most capable technology to unlock
real-time value of data across applications, clouds, APIs, and as AI agent said to their
enterprise, they will need access to that data in real-time. Confluent is a great way to deliver
that in a controlled, secured, and governed manner. Our hybrid approach to models also enables
clients to use the best option for each use case. IBM's grant models, third body models,
or open models from hugging face, meta, and mistrol. In addition to being a demand driver,
AI is also a powerful productivity driver for IBM, contributing to our strong financial performance.
In 2023, we set out on a goal to achieve 2 billion dollars of productivity savings,
exiting 2024, and today we are well ahead of that, exiting 2025 with 4.5 billion dollars
of annual run rate savings. We have been accelerating our productivity initiatives to enable
investment in innovation and highly strategic acquisitions like Hoshikop and Confluent
while continuing to deliver strong modern expansion and three-cart flow growth.
Hoshikop continues to accelerate within IBM, benefiting from our go-to-market distribution
and joint product innovation. We see a similar opportunity with the announced acquisition
of Confluent, leveraging IBM's global go-to-market reach to accelerate growth and discipline
G&S structure. Accelerating organic innovation is a core focus for IBM. Project Bob
is IBM's next generation AI-based software development system designed to transform
developer productivity. Bob introduces intelligent orchestration between industrial
leading frontier models such as anthropic, cloud, and mistrol, small language models,
including IBM granite, and custom models all optimize for constant performance.
We have more than 20,000 IBMers that are using Project Bob, reporting productivity gains
averaging 45% of powerful cloud zero use case. We are also advancing innovation
to deep M&A product synergies. For example, we recently developed Hoshikop infrograph
a real-time graph of infrastructure and application configuration,
by fusing infrographs insights with IBM automation products like concerts, we unlock
true root cause analysis and proactive prevention for clients. All this leads to real
tangible value for our clients. Companies like Morgan Stanley and FedEx are leveraging
our technology solutions and infusing our genuine products into core workflows, and master
core is leveraging our technology solutions, including data management platforms,
software platforms, and gen AI products and solutions. Infrastructure, clients such as CVS,
are turning to Z17's AI capabilities for enhanced management of mainframe application workloads
and increase resiliency. We also announce new or deep in strategic partnerships through
the year with AMD and Tropic, AWS, Microsoft, Open AI and Oracle. Recently, we announced
a partnership between Red Hat and Nvidia that allides our hybrid AI solutions and Nvidia's AI
stack. This collaboration allows enterprises to deploy AI accelerated applications
across any environment from the data center to the public cloud using a unified automated infrastructure.
It represents a significant step forward in making high performance AI more accessible
and scalable for a hybrid enterprise. Innovation combined with us strategic partnerships across
consulting with key hyperscaler and ISP relationships and software with key data providers
drive a multiplier effect that fuels our flywheel for growth. We continue to make steady progress
in quantum computing. Over the past quarter, we advanced our development roadmap, improved
error correction capabilities, and expanded ecosystem partnerships. Our collaboration with
organizations such as Cisco and participation in government initiatives like the US Department
of Energy's Genesis mission and our past quantum benchmarking initiative to reflect growing
confidence in IBM's approach to building scalable fault tolerant quantum systems.
Quantum advantage will require high performing hardware and in December we deployed our first
120 qubit IBM Quantum Nighthawk base system for use by our clients. Back in 2024, we predicted
that we see quantum advantage by the end of 2022 and with the help of IBM hardware, software,
and rapid cycles of learning, our partners in the scientific computing community are starting
to make the first credible advantage claims. We remain on track to deliver the first large
scale fault tolerant quantum computer by 2020. To conclude, we finished the year with strong
execution and continued progress against our strategy. IBM has long been known for innovation,
what matters most is how that innovation is used to help clients operate better, grow faster,
and compete more effectively. We made a clear set of strategic choices for the last several years
to help our clients do exactly that and it is playing out in our results today and going forward.
We entered 2026 with momentum and confidence in our ability to sustain 5% plus revenue growth
and grow free cash flow by about $1 billion. With that, let me hand it over to Jim to go through
the financials. Thanks, Arvin. As we enter 2025, we provided guidance of accelerating 5 plus
percent revenue growth, greater than a half a point of operating pre-text margin expansion,
double digit adjusted even a growth, and about $13.5 billion of free cash flow.
We exit at 2025, beating all of these metrics. Delivering 6% revenue growth,
100 basis points of operating pre-text margin expansion, 17% adjusted even a growth,
and $14.7 billion of free cash flow, growing 16% over last year. This represents our highest free
cash flow margin in reported history. And we deliver 12% growth in operating deluded earnings per share.
This performance reflects strong execution of our flywheel for growth.
Through client trust, leadership and hybrid cloud and gen AI, accelerating innovation,
deep domain expertise, and an ecosystem multiplier effect. In 2025, we were intently
focused on strengthening and accelerating our software portfolio, delivering innovation value
with our next generation mainframe launch, expanding our early leadership in gen AI and quantum,
and executing M&A growth synergies across IBM. All of our segments accelerated in the second
half of 2025, with these drivers playing out in demonstrating momentum across our diversified business.
For the full year, software grew 9%. Our highest annual growth rate in history, with three of
our four sub segments delivering double-digit growth rates. Infrastructure was up 10%. We
collecting a record Z17 launch, achieving the highest annual revenue for IBM Z in about 20 years,
and outpacing Z16 over the first three quarters of the program. And consulting
reflected back to growth in the second half, driven by Gen AI momentum, with our Gen AI book of
business and consulting at more than ten and a half billion dollars in section to date.
Let me now dive deeper into our fourth quarter performance.
Software revenue growth accelerated to 11%. On top of last year's growth of 11.5%, which was
the highest in 15 years. Growth was driven by the strength of our recurring revenue base,
our shift to higher growth and markets, innovation, including our early leadership in Gen AI,
M&A growth synergies and monetization of our strong IBM Z placement with an inflection
in transaction processing. Our ARR was strong at $23.6 billion, up over $2 billion from the end of
2024. This quarter's performance was broad-based across our synergistic portfolio,
with organic growth accelerating to over 7%. Data grew 19%. Fueled by the demand for our
Gen AI products and strong performance with established strategic partners, who enable customers
to power our AI innovation and mission critical workloads. These market dynamics underscore
the synergy opportunity we see what confluent. Automation grew 14% including another record
bookings quarter for high-shape quarter. Let have decelerated to 8%. Driven partially by the
wrap on last year's elevated consumption-based services that we called out last quarter.
And also from the in-quarter yield on single-digit bookings growth driven by the
LAS and US federal business deal activity related to the government shutdown. While in longer
growth arc virtualization continues to gain momentum, including over $500 million of contract
signed over the last two years. Open shift is now $1.9 billion ARR business,
growing more than 30%. And as we expected last quarter given the record Z-17 placement this year,
transaction processing inflected back to growth of 4%. Consulting revenue grew 1% in a fourth quarter,
with intelligent operations up 3% in strategy and technology remaining stable.
Performance was driven by steady demand across key offerings. Business application transformation,
application migration and modernization, application operations, and cybersecurity.
As clients prioritize cost efficiency while continuing to invest in AI-enabled transformation.
As ARR been noted, clients are moving beyond experimentation and need support designing,
deploying and governing AIF scale. Our consulting generative AI book of business surpass $2 billion
in the quarter. Our largest quarter of Gen AI reflecting continued momentum. We are also expanding
our impact through client zero, applying our generative AI experience in driving productivity
and efficiency to help clients operationalize AIF scale. This practical experience
combined with our domain expertise is resonating with clients. While overall signings were
down as we wrapped on record fourth quarter signings last year, the mix continued to improve with
a greater share of strategic wins from both new clients and expanded engagements within existing ones.
Infrastructure revenue grew 17% this quarter, with hybrid infrastructure up 24%
and infrastructure support down 2%. Within hybrid infrastructure, IBM Z had another outstanding
quarter delivering its highest fourth quarter revenue in more than two decades.
Up 61% year to year, reflecting the enduring value of the platform and the success of our
latest Z-17 program. Clients are investing in Z-17 for its differentiated capabilities.
We'll time AI-enferencing, quantum safe security, and AI-driven operational efficiency.
Which are critical as enterprises modernized mission critical workloads in scale for data-intensive
environments. IBM Z continues to be the backbone of enterprise IT, enabling clients to
integrate seamlessly with hybrid cloud by unlocking new levels of resiliency, scalability,
and performance. Distributed infrastructure revenue was flat, with product cycle dynamics impacting
storage, offset by growth and power supported by solid adoption of our newly launched solutions.
Now turning the profitability. In 2025, we delivered our highest operating gross profit margin
in reported history and highest operating pre-text margin in a decade. Demonstrating the
evolution of our portfolio mix and our laser focus on productivity. For the full year,
productivity, mix and revenue scale drove expansion of operating gross profit margin by 170 basis points.
Adjusted even a margin by 230 basis points and operating pre-text margin
by 100 basis points. And we achieved this, despite absorbing more than $300 million of delusion
from Hashie Corp. Given the announcement of our intent to acquire confluent, we accelerated
productivity initiatives in the fourth quarter to help mitigate 2026 delusion, similar to our
playbook on Hashie Corp. Excluding resulting workforce rebalancing charges we took in the fourth quarter,
operating pre-text margin expanded by 140 basis points for the full year.
Segment profit margins expanded by 100 basis points in software, 180 basis points in
consulting, with consulting margins at the highest level in three years, and 450 basis points
in infrastructure. For the full year, we generated $14.7 billion of free cash flow up $2 billion
year over year, resulting in the highest free cash flow margin in reported history.
The primary driver of this growth is adjusted EBITDA up $2.8 billion over year,
partially offset by increase investments in catbacks, higher cash taxes, and higher net interest
expense as we expected coming into 2025. Let me talk about our free cash flow evolution in a
little more detail. Our repositioning to a software-led business, in addition to our cost discipline
and productivity initiatives, drives significant operating leverage in our financial model.
Since 2022, we have consistently delivered double-digit growth in free cash flow,
while in excess of revenue growth, demonstrating this business model evolution.
Our flag will for growth and discipline execution of productivity initiatives
lead to sustainable and high-quality free cash flow generation. This durable cash flow
engine enables us to invest in our business to accelerate growth. This includes increased organic
innovation with R&D up about $2.5 billion since 2019, and it allows us to pursue highly
strategic M&A transactions like App Deal, Software AG, Hashie Corp, Data Stacks, and Confluent
that drive M&A synergies across IBM. Our diversified and integrated business drives a platform
multiplier fact that uniquely allows us to deliver M&A synergies. This includes synergies from
our global-go-to-market distribution scale, platform synergies that amplify value with IBM's
complementary offerings and operational synergies through our G&A discipline. Most recently,
this can be seen with Hashie Corp, delivering adjusted EBITDA creation ahead of expectations
within the first full year in IBM. Our financial flexibility fuels innovation and our discipline
capital allocation policy, including our commitment to return capital to shareholders. We exit
at 2025 with a strong liquidity position and a solid investment-grade balance sheet, with cash
of $14.5 billion. We invested $8.3 billion in acquisitions, and return $6.3 billion
for shareholders in the form of dividends. Our debt balance ending the year was $61.3 billion,
including $15.1 billion in debt for financing business, with the receivables portfolio
that is almost 80% investment-grade. Now, let me discuss our expectations for
2022. Our strong performance in 2025 reflects the strength of our diversified portfolio and a
multi-year execution of our strategic repositioning. Consistent with our investor-day model,
we expect a sustained constant currency revenue growth of 5% plus in 2026, and free cash flow
to be up about $1 billion year over year, growing high single digits. Our revenue expectations
are underpinned by our durable and accelerating software business, which we expect to grow
10% this year. This acceleration is led by our organic growth, driven by the strength of our recurring
revenue base, our shift to higher growth and markets, Jenny I traction, M&A growth synergies,
and monetization of our record z-placement with an inflection in transaction processing,
a tremendous source of profitability, and free cash flow for IBM. And we continue to expect
that conflict will close by the middle of 2026. In consulting, our backlog levels and momentum
in Jenny I, with backlog penetration over 25% support and acceleration in revenue growth to
low to mid-single digits for the year. The powerful combination of our integrated platforms,
services, as software model, and client zero experience, allow us to deliver differentiated value
to clients. We enter 2026-3-quarters into the Z-17 launch. We expect the infrastructure revenue
to be down low single digits, about a half a point impact to IBM. With Z growth in the first quarter,
balanced by product cycle dynamics throughout the rest of the year. The strength of our Z placement
fuels are flywheel for growth, with its attractive three to four-expect multiplier across IBM.
Let me now touch on our Jenny I book a business before I turn to profit. We have been reporting
our cumulative Jenny I book a business since a third quarter of 2023 when it was in the low
hundreds of millions of dollars. We exit in 2025 with the Jenny I book a business greater than
12 and a half billion dollars. Demonstrating strong momentum in consulting and software.
This would be the last quarter in which we report this metric separately. AI is now embedded
across our business from how we deliver services to our software portfolio to the capabilities
we are adding to our infrastructure platforms and how we drive our own productivity. As a result,
a standalone Jenny I metric no longer reflects the full scope of how AI is driving value across IBM.
For the full year we expect IBM's operating pre-text margin to expand by about a point.
Our software portfolio mix and ongoing productivity initiatives continue to drive margin expansion
and mitigate Z product cycles and the impact of delusion from acquisitions. Our operating
tax rate for the year should be in the mid-teens and the timing of discrete items can
cost a rate to vary within the year. Let me give a little bit more color on confluent delusion
dynamics. We anticipate absorbing about $600 million of delusion from confluent in 2026
driven largely by stock-based compensation and interest expense. We expect confluent
will be accretive to adjust it EBITDA within the first full year and to free cash flow in year two
post-close. We have multiple levers that underpin our confidence in these accretion targets
including revenue synergies, operational spend synergies and ongoing productivity savings.
Revenue synergies include both the ability to accelerate revenue leveraging our go-to-market
distribution platform as well as drive product synergies which play out over time.
We expect to realize about $500 million of operational spend run-rate synergies by the end of
2027. We continue to accelerate our productivity initiatives and now expect an incremental
$1 billion of productivity savings this year. Driving $5.5 billion of annual run-rate savings
by the end of 2026. Taking this on to account, we are confident in our ability to expand
operating pre-text margin by about a point in 2026. For free cash flow, we expect to grow about
$1 billion in 2026 in line with our investor-day model of high single-digit growth.
Given the strong fundamentals of our business, adjusted EBITDA growth will be the primary driver
of our free cash flow, offset by similar factors as last year, including cash tax headwinds,
higher capex, and higher net interest expense. Looking to the first quarter, we expect our
currency revenue growth rate to be similar to the full year, and for operating pre-text margin,
we expect about a hundred basis points of expansion with workforce rebalancing fairly consistent
with the prior year. Our first quarter operating tax rate should be in the mid-teens.
We are excited about our prospects in 2026. Our growth accelerators, portfolio mix,
integrated value, and continued investment in innovation are driving sustainable revenue growth
and strong free cash flow. As we shift toward a software-led business and speed our pace of innovation,
our growth fly will continue to strengthen. We enter 2026 with the solid momentum across our business
and remain focused on discipline execution with unwavering focus on productivity,
enabling investing for the future and delivering value for our shareholders.
Arvan and I are now happy to take your questions. Olympia, let's get started.
Thank you, Jim. Before we begin Q&A, I'd like to mention a couple of items. First,
supplemental information is provided at the end of the presentation, and then second, as always,
I'd ask you to refrain from asking multi-par questions. Operator, let's please open it up for questions.
Thank you. And at this time, we'll begin the question and answer session of the conference.
If you would like to ask a question, please press star 1 under telephone keypad.
The confirmation told what indicate your line is in the question Q.
You may press star 2 if you would like to remove your question from the Q.
For participants using speaker equipment, it may be necessary to pick up your handset
before pressing the star keys. Our first question comes from Brent Phil, with Jeffers. Please go ahead.
Thanks. Good afternoon. Arvan, good to see the comment on software growth,
accelerating to double as your growth. This year, I was just curious if you could maybe dig into
the components and why you're excited for that organic led initiative, and then anything else that's
important to note this year on software portfolio that maybe we haven't seen in 2025. Thanks.
Give you a bit of a perspective on the dynamics of the different parts of the software
business, and then for quantification, I'll turn it over to Jen. So first, we are incredibly pleased
with how we got to the end of the year on software. We are pleased with the organic growth
in software, and we are pleased with the inorganic contribution. If I sort of feel it first from
the sub-sagments, automation, I think is on a secular demand increase. The reason for that is
as people have more and more infrastructure, they put more and more AI, they put more and more compute.
They need that software to help the manager all of it, and we're seeing that play through in the
demand for Hoshika, which helps you deploy hardware and software with the demand for
Hoshika, which helps you manage the costs and gives you a perspective of what is happening,
as well as all of the pieces around how do you integrate applications, how do you integrate
data, and all of those components. So I think that expecting well into double-digital growth for
that part is appropriate, and we see that in our early demand signals. If I look at data, data benefits
both from our data products that we provide, the organic innovation we have done with WatsonX,
both the AI pieces and the orchestrate piece for agents, and we expect that that demand will keep
pulling through and going forward as people are deploying AI for enterprise productivity and inside
the enterprise. Then we also have a lot of partnerships in the data space that VCs
strong demand for, and that we expect are going to continue. Mainframe given the very strong
cycle we had, somewhere between low to mid-single-digit growth, is reasonable, and we have seen
that dynamic play through, but it can't follow the hardware placement by a few orders. So all
that hardware has people consumed is going to cause that to grow. And then we get to write at first,
as we are very pleased with the doubling, almost more than doubling, of the red hat business,
and see acquired it. It was 3.3 billion, 3.2 billion, when we made the acquisition,
finishing the year at 7.5 on a run rate, just extrapolating for the fourth quarter towards
8 billion, VCs strong demand in many of the pieces there, including on red hat lyrics. But that
probably in the mid-single-digits more than in the high to double, which is in line with
server growth. You still taking share, and the piece there that continues to be very, very
attractive to growth is open-shift, which is almost a 2 billion, and running at a 30% growth rate,
and we expect that to continue both for containers, for hybrid applications, and for virtualization,
so if you put all of that together, then that gives the confidence on the growth that
you made out about 10% for the year. This all assumes a mid-year closing for a confluent,
which is sort of baked into our expectations right now. Now, of course we're going to
describe to do even better, but I think that this is a prudent set of numbers to put out.
Yet, the only thing I would add, just to wrap it up, and I'll say it on behalf of Arvins
given how humbly is. When you look at 2025 in our software execution, I think what you see one
is the strength of our portfolio and the diversification of that portfolio. And that's a reflection
of a multi-year strategic repositioning of the IBM company to a software-led platform
center company. We finished 25 with one of the highest growths we've ever had in software overall,
but it's pervasive with three of our four software categories growing double digits.
You dial back only about three years ago. We only had one growth factor,
and that was Red Hat, that is the foundation of our high-book cloud and AI strategy. The work we've
done around repositioning the portfolio, a discipline capital allocation, to build out an automation
portfolio, a data portfolio, and always capitalizing on that high-profit margin, transaction
processing portfolio has just been phenomenal and it's leading to a sustainable, durable growth
engine that gives us that conviction of double-digit growth here in 2026. But when you cut to the
underpinnings, it reflects that diversity, ARR, roughly $24 billion growing high single-digits
Gen AI over $2 billion book of business up to X in the fourth quarter, and that M&A growth
synergies, you're just seeing the beginnings of that playout with Hashi with another record quarter
overall. So we are excited about the opportunity ahead, and we feel confident about software now
at double digits, not approaching double digits. Operator, let's take the next question.
Your next question comes from Amit, Dharjanani with Evercore ISI, please stay your question.
Good afternoon, everyone, and congratulations on some nice numbers here. You guys want to focus
on free cash flow a bit, and if I go back to the start of the year in 25, you know, you folks talked
about 13.5 or then free cash flow guide, you said any of it being 14.7 billion, I think,
where it's all set and done, and I think revenue growth helped you some more, but it was really
good free cash flow margin conversion. So I'd love to know from your perspective, what drove
the strength of better performance in free cash flow in 25? And there really want to go with this,
I want to understand the 15.7 billion free cash flow guide for this year, which is impressive,
but it implies high single-digits free cash flow growth, more to the 16% if you saw last year.
So please don't tell me a question. Was there something unique that you saw in 25 that led to the
16% and any percentage on the 15.7 numbers of this year?
Thanks, Simon. I appreciate the question. As we've been talking about for five years,
six years now going on, as Arvin's taken over this company, we've got two key measures that we
drive this company on. Revenue growth and free cash flow generation. By the way, there's synergistically
a line, because it provides that flywheel of investment flexibility. But you're exactly right.
We entered the year, and I remember a year ago sitting in this chair, I got asked the question
by I think it was either you or Ben about our, you know, my words. Are we sandbagging free
cash flow? And at that time, we said 13 and a half billion hours, and the underpinnings behind that
was double-digit growth and adjusted even a, and that we would have partially mitigating that
some headwinds on, or I would talk about tailwinds, higher cash tax, because we've got a higher
profit profile, higher cat backs, because we're going to invest in this business for long-term,
future growth, and we were going to have higher net interest in acquisition related charges.
Now you fast forward a year later, we posted $14.7 billion, by the way, up to $2 billion,
up 16%, highest free cash flow. We've seen in well over a decade, highest free cash flow margin
on record of 114 year history of our great company. And the underpinnings behind that cash flow
were entirely driven by the fundamentals of our business. The acceleration we saw in our revenue
growth throughout the year, and the strong operating leverage we continue to get out of this business.
Where we started with adjusted EBITDA and double-digit growth, we finished at 17%,
that's an incremental $1 billion of adjusted EBITDA from where we were a year ago. And by the way,
that's a flywheel engine. Revenue acceleration, operating leverage,
and driving an efficient balance sheet where we're very proud about a solid investment-grade
balance sheet generates significant substantial free cash flow. So now you're fast forward
to this year. We enter 2026 with a lot of momentum confidence, by the way, I should have said
over the last three years, we've grown free cash flow five and a half billion dollars. So that
growth factor, what's been happening. But you look at 2026, our investor models high-single digit,
we've got a lot of work to do in 2026. We said we'd guide confidently up a billion dollars
at $15.7 billion. That's on a high-single digit growth. It's early in the year,
high-single digit growth of adjusted EBITDA. And we are sitting here with the tremendous amount
of leverage and opportunity just like we were a year ago. And our goal is to continue driving
the durable sustainable performance of this company as we move forward. So why do we feel
excited? One, we have a focus for folio, discipline, capital allocation, the versification of our
business model, and a relentless focus on profitability that drives the durability of free cash flow
engine in this company that gives us the financial flexibility to continue to invest for long-term
sustainable advantage. So we feel confident about that 15-7, and our job is to beat it this year.
Operator, let's take the next question. Our next question comes from Ben Ritesis with
Melios Research, please, their question. Yeah, hey guys, thanks a lot. At the risk of getting
in trouble with Olympia here, I'm at the question. I was surprised you didn't say there's a multi-hundred
million hit due to a confluent in the cash flow guide, which without it would be higher. But
my real question is with regard to Red Hat. And I wanted to just clarify, I appreciate the double
digit guidance for software. I wanted to see how we're going to bridge Red Hat. How do we
get the aid to the mid-teens or mid-teens no longer the growth rate there? Obviously, everything
else was great and better than our model. But I'd like to just focus laser focus on Red Hat and
how we bridge it within your forecast and towards the prior goals. Thanks. Yeah, thanks Ben. And
I didn't say the delusion effect because to be honest, we think delusions part of our model.
Our investors expect us to be disciplined capitalicators. I think we've earned a credibility about
that. And we have to take that into account. That's why we drive portfolio mix.
We drive revenue scale. We drive productivity, which by the way, I also didn't say we exited
last year, four and a half billion dollars over the last two years. And we see that going up
by another billion dollars this year. So we got a lot of levers in this business. And we understand
that delusion. But you know what? The strategic value of confluent and the synergistic value of
what it does to our portfolio. We definitely can take into account that delusion. So I know
you were trying to help on 157s higher. Yes, it is. But all in, which is how we operate and report,
we got a deliver or beat that number. So, but let's get back to software. You know, we taught
a lot about the first question. We entered 26 with confidence around the momentum, the diversification
of our portfolio, about the strategic repositioning, about the flywheel of growth. And we expect
now double digit growth. Underneath that, one, that's going to deliver four and a over four
and a half points to IBM's growth in 26. Above our model and as Arvin said, an acceleration
organic growth. Organic will be north to seven points this year in acquisitions about three points.
How are we going to do that? We're going to do that. One, we have to acknowledge we're operating
in an attractive 10. What a market backdrop for tech that we think is pretty exciting and Arvin
has been on that point about opportunities to we continue the thing. I think it's under
appreciating our discipline capitalicator. We continue to shift this portfolio mix the higher
growth and markets with companies that we buy, which we always say category leaders and
structurally growing markets that we can provide unique value, integrate and deliver differentiated
synergies to accelerate growth. That is shifting our underlying portfolio that's also advancing
our organic or a profile. The newty strength, 24 billion exiting the year, growing high single
digits, 8 plus percent, new innovation, Jenny I, Jenny I in a fourth quarter up two X and we see
that continuing as we move forward, M&A growth synergies kicking in off of a record
past year and Arvin talked about T.P. Cycle monetization. By the way, one point on T.P.
that I think is under appreciated. We talk about a very similar to Z16 Cycle. Z16 first year at
Cycle T.P. was flat. We finished this year flat. One big difference. That flat on Z16 was off
the down nine. The flat this year in 2025 was off a plus 10. So you can see the compounding effect
of what's happening to T.P. and we see that in fact in the growth. So underpinning and Arvin gave
you some of the math. One data, high teams contributing about four points at that software growth,
well above model. That's going to be driven by new innovation, Jenny I, KPBODY, platform economics,
two hybrid cloud. We think that's double digit. Back to why I started my first answer.
Three, four years ago we only have one growth factor. Now we got three growth factors that are
growing double digit. Underpinning that we got a subscription revenue under contract that's
growing midteens. That's not at model. We only deliver single digit ACV bookings in a fourth quarter
because as we stated in prepared remarks, we were disrupted by the shutdown in the federal
government. We got to get through that, we're monitoring it, and I would say the word choices were
being prudent on Red Hat's guidance right now because we only need that at double digit
to get software over the line of double digit. Upside will deliver upside to software overall.
Automation, great portfolio, low double digit, two and a half point contribution to software,
honor better than the model. And that's leveraging M&A growth synergies off Hashi's success,
and MTP. We're pretty much back to model. We'll single mid-single digit growth,
capitalizing on that economic multiplier. So it gives you a little of the underpinnings behind
why we're confident in that 10 plus percent growth is software. Let's take the next question.
Your next question comes from Wanzi, Mohan with Bank of America. Please see your question.
Yes, thank you so much. Just to follow up, a clarification quickly on the last couple of
questions around hybrid cloud growth. Are you anticipating any potential pressure on the server
refresh cycle from higher memory pricing and could that sort of have any adverse effect on the
Red Hat Enterprise Linux side of things? And my my question really is Jim.
On the cadence of BTI improvement, certainly you're driving a lot of productivity improvement
in being able to absorb entirely the dilution from compliment and then some. So how should we
think about the cadence of the progress of that given that conference going to hit mid-year,
but you already taken some productivity actions here and forth you have last year. So should
we be seeing more outside BTI improvements in maybe second quarter. I think you already said more
less in the first quarter, but like in the second quarter, it's not the right way to think about it.
Thank you so much. Okay. So Wanzi, let me take the first part of the question and I'll
ask Jim to address the second part of your question. Look, the server dynamics are volatile and you're
right. If I remember correctly, what memory DRAM prices are six times that of last year.
A big reason for that for those who are interested is because a lot of the capacity is moving
over to HBM or high bandwidth memory, which is required for AI servers. And if I remember correctly,
it takes about four maybe eight times the capacity of DRAM to do HBM and the pricing and the
demand for HBM is driving all the vendors into that. I personally believe as long as that dynamic
is there, those pricing issues are going to be there through the year. Now, the demand side,
there is no AI server without a bunch of CPUs right next to it. So the reality becomes that the
AI demand also drives demand for normal servers that in turn feed and load up those servers.
So I don't expect that the overall server dynamic on which there may be a little bit of
issue is actually going to be any headwind to us on the hybrid cloud or the Linux side. And the
reason for that is that there is enough growth going on. There is also a market share movement towards
Red Hat as opposed to alternate answers in the marketplace. So that makes overall. I think keeps
us growing well. I also believe that both Red Hat, AI and OpenShift AI will feed into the demand
from the AI servers, which was going to help that demand. So let's acknowledge there is going to be
memory pressure and that probably lasts at least a couple of years. But as we look at that,
it also gives opportunity for the AI portions of the portfolio to get a lot of a lot of tailwinds.
So with that, I'll give it to Jim for things another free cash growth question.
Yeah, and this skew of profitability worms, I think was your question. So thanks very much and I
appreciate that just given we do still expect confident to close by mid-year this year. Obviously,
very excited about the strategic capabilities that's going to add. But I think I was very transparent
in the prepare remarks about the level of delusion, etc. But let me bring it up a level first.
Around how do we run this company and how do we drive the operating leverage that's been going
up well above our model over the last three to four years? We drive this through portfolio mix.
That's why software being the underpinning of IBM's leverage around 45% of IBM's revenue.
But about two thirds of our profit. Also, the high value recurring revenue are AR,
book of business, high marginal profit dollar. So portfolio mix being one-level, productivity,
every dollar we invest in this company around good-a-market, around R&D, around innovation,
and around our consulting services. We look and we drive a very maniacal ROI concept around that.
Profile just as you would expect us to as an investor like an Interorganic M&A acquisition.
And three, we drive the bring this company the most productive company in the world and getting
G&A scale leverage overall. Fundamentally, you manage those three separate buckets differently.
When you look at 2026, we set about a point, growth and margin. We're going to get about a half
of point out a revenue scale. Just given the leverage of the acceleration of revenue. We will lose
a half a point on portfolio mix. Because we are going to wrap on an unprecedented launch momentum
on mainframe, which carries higher prior profit and higher mix. The remaining full point,
basically, is going to be driven out of productivity. And our model, as you know quite well,
we've been driving north to 300 basis points per year, a productivity, and we've been reinvesting
about 200 basis points to that. That's why you've seen over the last handful of years. Our R&D
up double-digit growth year over year. And we've taken over the last five years. We've taken
two and a half billion dollars of R&D up overall. But when you look at 2026,
productivity is going to drive the day. We feel confident. We took up our productivity target
at the five and a half billion. We will get revenue scale leverage on G&A, which will mitigate
dilution and mitigate product cycles overall. To your last question, we think the skew with that
profit ability is going to follow our normal historical attainment. First quarter will be pretty
much on historical attainment. By the way, you do the math. That's double-digit profit growth,
double-digit EPS growth. So pretty consistent, building off the momentum and fourth quarter.
Other next questions, please? Thank you. And your next question comes from Gem Schneider
with Goldman Sachs. Please, Peter question. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question.
As well, one of you could maybe outline the path or trajectory you're expecting for the consulting
business throughout the year. You know, sightings were a little bit weaker in this quarter, but you
didn't know that the strong backlog and AI that you're seeing. So we talk about how you expect
that to convert into revenue over the course of the year. And whether you see any kind of further
improvement in discretionary or short-cycle spending and projects as you head throughout 206. Thank you.
Great, Jim. It's good here for me and I appreciate the question. First of all, we're encouraged
by the inflection shift that we see in consulting business, exiting in 25. We return to business
back the durable sustainable growth in the second half, a little bit over 1%. But more importantly,
and I think, under appreciated, we get a lot ahead of room to go and the team is working diligently
around improving the fundamentals of this business and our operating pretext margins are up
by almost 200 basis points in 2025. When you look at the market, market definitely remains dynamic
as we talked about earlier. We continue to see opportunity for growth as clients accelerate
their investments in AI driven transformation to unlock operational efficiency, to unlock
business model innovation and unlock growth. I think it's a very different mindset and
client buying behavior, and we saw 18 months ago when it was pure disruption and discretionary
spend that's moving out. So as we look at 26, this gives us the confidence that we guided
low-single to mid-single, which we think is going to be pretty much where the market is out
overall, and we still believe we've got continued headroom on operating margins. We guide about
another point and a half improvement year over year. Both of them are going to be a creative and
contribution to IBM overall. How's that going to happen? One, I would put in a handful of buckets,
one, backlog realization, and what we see, two, our Jenny, I, momentum, and the rate and
pacing growth and acceleration we're seeing, three strategic partnership headroom that we still have,
four, our portfolio composition we've been talking about is aligned to much more growth
and markets, higher growth and markets. You know, where portfolio is less around pure BPO,
it's more around digital transformation, application modernization, AI around data transformation,
cybersecurity governance, and in five, you know, Mohammed and team, we've been doing a ton of work
around reshaping our model to an asset-based services as software model with our industry leading IBM
consulting advantage. So let me talk about just a couple of them to give you some math and
statistics on why we feel confident. One, backlog, 32 billion up 2% overall, but underpinning
record low erosion duration that is continued to come down, and our realization to your question,
we see a realization out of that backlog that fully supports that load a mid-single-digit growth,
and we see it pretty much modestly growing throughout the year. So low-single-digit first quarter
and then growing throughout the year. Two, we added over 400 new clients this year, and that is
improved our net new business contribution as we've been talking about by eight points, which is having
a higher revenue realization by four points year over year. So backlog composition and the acceleration
is one aspect. Jenny eyes the second. Jenny eye now represents over a third of our bookings,
over 25% of our backlog right now, 32 billion are backlog and over 15% of our revenue on an exit run rate.
We have a $3.6 billion ARR, Jenny eye revenue run rate in consulting, and we see that
continue to accelerate, and then finally the repositioning. We see more headroom on margin leverage,
about a point and a half as we go forward, and that's due productivity portfolio mix.
But we have to manage, we are operating in a very aggressive pricing environment, and we'll continue
monitoring it. Operator next question. Thank you, and your next question comes from Eric Woodrey,
with Morgan Stanley. Please say a question. Awesome. Thank you guys for excuse me in here.
In order to really strong infrastructure here, obviously outstanding performance in the
I think there's an argument to be made, and I hear from you that with the tell-and-to-processor,
giving the amount of data and transactions on the main frame, the main frame can be an AI workhorse.
You had really strong out performance relative to your historical model in the Z,
you're guiding to a bit of infrastructure to climb in 2026, and so I'm just trying to understand,
what was it just, some kind of difference buying trends in 2025 and perhaps a bit of pull forward,
that was different than maybe capacity launches, or could you just be a bit conservative as you look
out into 2026, and are you site-cycle dynamics, but could you see some more sustainability
in the infrastructure business in the Z cycle, that may be isn't fully accounted for
in the infrastructure guidance that you give. Thanks so much. Eric, as Jim actually explained in
answers to a few questions, we want to give guidance and we want to be where we have incredibly
high confidence that we can hit or beat those numbers. So let me just caution that all guidance
we give is with that in mind. Let me just actually go back to a few of the dynamics that are
driving even stronger adoption of the main frame. Let's point out, Z17 has been the strongest start
three quarters in. Before that, Z16 was the strongest in about 20 years. Before that, Z15 was
better than 1430 and 12, so we've been on this continuing improvement. Let me point to, I think
at least three second of factors under it. Number one, there is a lot more demand for people to
have. We can use the word sovereignty or we can use the word on premise control, which goes
along with the economics of the main frame platform. I think more and more plans have
broken up to that for certain workloads, the main frame is actually the lowest unit cost
economics platform, and that is really important. Number two, the thing often is, well, but it's a
very hard platform for our developers to use and for our operators to leverage. The Gen AI tools we
have provided with the Watson code assistant for Z, really takes that bonus away. It can refactor
co-ball into Java. It can help people understand a code that is already running on the platform.
It can help you refactor that code if you want to keep it exactly as it is. It can help you take
things out, so that headwind of people saying this is a hard platform to modernize, has gone away.
That then comes to your AI capabilities. You're right. I'm incredibly excited by our ability
to do AI right in line. If you can do it right in line with the transactions, that's a milliseconds
delay as opposed to multiple seconds if you take it off platform, which is how people have been
doing it so far. That capability, while we introduced it in the beginning of 2025,
really came to market only in the fourth quarter of 2025. So I do expect and we look forward to
helping our clients install that and a very large number of our clients actually told us they're
interested and they kept space in the machines to put in those cards. We call them the
Spire cards or you can think of it at the Gen AI card, which gives you all that capability.
As those cards go in, then the software stack to support that goes in, but we also have to give
help to our clients to let the models run on the platform and to get their use cases up and going.
I expect that to take some months to happen, but that does provide possible tailwinds,
but again, some of the dynamics that both Jim and I have explained.
Operator, let's take one last question. Thank you. And this question comes from Matt Swanson with
RBC. Please see your question. Great. Thank you. Marvin, if I could maybe take a more holistic
view of a part of your answer, you just said, so I mean, as you were talking about, there's been
a lot more conversations right now about where Enterprise Gen AI workload should reside. And it
really feels like that conversation, the intersection of your dual pillars of AI and hybrid cloud.
But when looking at the strength of the refresh cycles, you mentioned, it was also the strength
and demand for the data segment, the automation segment, or conversations and consulting.
What do you think, combining all these things, says about the current state of Enterprise
transformation for Gen AI, maybe today and, you know, heading into 26? Matt, thanks.
And thank you for the question, because it is one, as you can imagine, that people think about a lot
and then play out various scenarios. So let's look at Gen AI so far. Gen AI so far has largely been
a consumer topic. People use chat parts, people use it to improve the emails, people are using
it to improve document writing, you have the videos if I leave the statistics I read and
are generated with the help of AI. I'm not saying only AI, but with the help of AI. All of that
tends to be AI that is running on a high-per-skiller public cloud somewhere and that people go
to the overall average. As we look forward now to the Enterprise, I am convinced this is an
end world. I'm not saying that the high-per-skiller public model usage is going to decline,
but the enterprise is going to get concerned with how much of not the data, I don't think
people are going to steal data though that has happened a few times, but I do think that there
is going to be a lot of concern around the nature of what other models learning from answering
these questions and do we really want to share that with everybody else or not that is going
to be issues around sovereignty on the users of these models and there is going to be questions
around just basic privacy. This is not data that we want to take everywhere else. So I take that
into, I believe if I look out 3 to 5 years, 50% of the enterprise usage of AI is going to be
in either a private cloud or is going to be in their own data centers and the other 50%
is going to be usage of public models. Now there is also an efficiency question. So if
what we use on premise is smaller models that actually it could be that 80 to 90% of all the
influencing is really in a private slash on premise and 10% of the influencing is on a public,
but that 10% could be at 5 to 10 times the price and hence the dollar sort of even out. We see
this playing out really importantly over the next 3 to 5 years and that is why we have been positioning
very strongly. We use the word sovereign or sovereignty for how people want to manage that
technology. We announce the sovereign core offering last week to help get this done but we do believe that
this is going to play out. The main premise is an important element but not the only element in
that story. So it is an add. It is a very long answer but this is what is going to play out
over the next 3 to 5 years. So thank you all for all of these questions. As you can see we have
been excited about our year and the changes we have made to our business over the last few years
and our performance in 2025 reinforced our confidence on the next chapter of our growth.
We look forward to continuing this dialogue through the year. Thank you, Arvind.
Operator, let me turn it back to you to close out the call. Thank you for participating on today's
call. The conference is now ended. You made this connect at this time.