Welcome to Centrist Energy Fourth Quarter
and Four-Year 2025 Earnings Squall.
At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode.
A question and answer session will follow the form
of presentation.
If anyone should require operator assistance
during the conference, please press star zero
on your telephone keypad.
Please note this conference is being recorded.
I will now turn the conference over to Neil Nagarajan,
Senior Vice President, Investor Relations.
Thank you.
You may begin.
Good morning.
Welcome and thank you to all of our callers,
as well as those listening to our webcast.
Today's call will cover the results for the fourth quarter
and full year 2025 and in December 31st.
Today, we have Amir Beksler, President and Chief
Executive Officer, and Todd Tonelli, Chief Financial
Officer, Senior Vice President, and Treasurer.
This conference call follows our earnings news release
issued yesterday.
We filed our report for the fourth quarter
and full year on forms 10K earlier today.
All of our news releases and SEC filings, including our 10K,
10Qs, and 8Ks are available on our website.
A replay of this call will also be available later
this morning on the centrist website.
I would like to remind everyone that certain information
we may include on this call today
may be considered forward-looking information that
involves risk and uncertainty, including assumptions
around the future performance of centrists.
Our actual results may differ materially from those
in our forward-looking statements.
Additional information concerning factors
that could cause actual results to materially defer
from those in our forward-looking statements
is contained in our filings with the SEC,
including our annual report on form 10K
and quarterly reports on form 10Q.
Finally, the forward-looking information provided today
is time-sensitive and accurate only
as of today, February 11, 2026,
unless otherwise noted.
This call is a property of centrist energy.
Any transcription, redistribution, retransmission,
or rebroadcast of the call in any form
without the express written consensus
centrist is strictly prohibited.
Thank you for your participation
and I'll now turn the call over to Amir.
Thank you, Neil, and thank you to everyone
on today's call.
2025 was a milestone year for centrists,
punctuated by December announcement
to begin commercial centrifuge manufacturing
to address the commercial LEU market
and our substantial backlog.
Shortly thereafter in January,
the Department of Energy selected centrists
for a $900 million HALU Enrichment Award.
Our build-out officially ushers in America's return
to domestic commercial uranium enrichment
with a de-risk deployment-ready technology
that can serve as both commercial
and national security needs.
Our first new cascade of centrifuges
is expected to come online in 2029
with subsequent cascades to come thereafter.
We are continuing to identify
and implement opportunities to reduce
both our lead time and the unit cost.
This effort is being implemented day one.
But first, let me turn to our results.
There can be a significant amount
of quarterly variability in our results
due to the nature of our business.
And we therefore believe our annual results
are more indicative of our progress.
For the full year 2025,
we achieved $448.7 million in revenue,
a gross profit of $117.5 million
and a net income of $77.8 million.
The majority of our current revenue
is derived from our LEU business
and during the third quarter,
Centres received waivers from the Department of Energy
to continue to import LEU for all currently
committed deliveries to US customers in 2026 and 2027.
This announcement provided greater clarity
and helps de-risk that side of our business.
Now, turning to our future
commercial enrichment business
and our go-forward roadmap.
Our base case build-out will address
our substantial commercial LEU enrichment backlog
of $2.3 billion
and the requirements to the Department of Energy
under the HALU Enrichment Award.
Considering all factors,
our base case will include 12 metric tons of HALU.
Further capacity additions will be progressive
and depend on both our off-stake demand
and our capital resources.
Importantly, I am pleased to announce
that as we continue to pursue additional low-cost capital,
our base case build-out
is expected to be sufficient
to reach our end-civil kind costs.
We initially launched our commercial centrifuge manufacturing
to address the growing demand for commercial LEU
where we have time to market advantage.
Demand for LEU from existing
and growing electrification needs
will only continue to increase ahead of any AI,
data center advanced manufacturing
or hyperscalar demand
while LEU supply is rapidly becoming more constrained.
Near-term domestic LEU demand alone
is set to increase by approximately 6.5 million swoos,
stemming from Russia's exiting the market
and the additional demand from restarts,
operates and new pledged reactors.
The LEU pricing curve,
which has experienced a 24% compound annual growth rate
from 2019 to 2025
is an indicator of this increasingly constrained market
and tent up latent demand.
National security is another potentially important market.
We are currently the only production-ready option
for the national security establishment.
And in the fourth quarter,
we were notified by national nuclear security administration
of its intent to sole-source
certain uranium enrichment activities from Centres.
This could represent another source of low-cost capital.
Speaking of funding,
the $900 million ABU Enrichment Award
has the potential to exceed $1 billion
and still needs to be finalized through negotiations.
This potential funding,
which comes through a procurement
and involves neither debt nor equity
will serve two important points.
First, it would be another pool of low-cost capital
and we are grateful to our government
for recognizing the importance of Centres to the market.
And second, it is supporting the 12 metric tons
of HAILU capacity ahead of a commercially viable
advanced reactor market.
We are positioned to capitalize on these opportunities
because we have been laying the groundwork
over the previous 12 plus months.
More specifically, these operational efforts include,
first, our November 2024 supply chain readiness program.
Second, successfully completing phase two
of the HAILU operations contract
by contractually delivering 900 kilograms of HAILU,
US-6 to the Department of Energy
and producing well over one metric ton of HAILU,
US-6 for the Department as of end of 2025.
Third, adding approximately $300 million
to our $2.3 billion contingent LU backlog
and making strong progress towards removing
these contingencies.
Fourth, announcing that we are creating
more than 300 new jobs at our Python facility
and then hiring more than 50 of those new hires in Q4.
In 2025, we added over 140 employees
combined in Python and Oak Ridge.
Fifth, initiating design work on our training,
operations and maintenance facility in Python,
which will include the significant renovation
and rehabilitation of existing facility.
And sixth, continuing to identify
and implementing opportunities to reduce our lead time
and unit cost a day one activity.
Likewise, from a financial standpoint,
these efforts include, first,
uplifting to the New York Stock Exchange
to attract a more diversified set
of institutional investors.
Second, validating foreign direct investment
is another potential source of low cost capital
by signing an MOU with KHMP and Pascal International.
And third, raising capital to support the build-out
ending the year with a cash balance
of approximately $2 billion.
Todd will discuss this in greater depth shortly.
Moving forward, we will continue to capitalize
on our time-to-market advantage
in the domestic LU market
and our first mover advantage in the global Halo market.
Operational excellence is non-negotiable.
Our first Cascade timeline includes
a significant amount of time, effort, and investment
at both our facilities to build
on our operational momentum.
And as part of this effort,
it is with great pleasure that I'm able to announce
that we just recently entered into an agreement
with a best-in-class partner, Floor,
who will serve as our primary ETC and Python.
In an effort to provide stakeholders
with greater clarity,
we are prepared to provide
the following full year 2026 guidance.
From a financial perspective for the year,
we are providing the following guidance.
Total company revenue of $425 million to $475 million,
and total capital spend of $350 million to $500 million.
And from an operational standpoint,
we are providing the following guidance.
First, finalizing contracts
with our most critical partners,
with a focus on those who will require
long-leaf procurements,
significant scale items,
and complex parts.
These will be suppliers for either parts
or equipment at either facility.
Second, workforce additions across both facilities
to total at least 150 net new employees.
At least 100 new employees in Oak Ridge
or roughly 25% of the announced 400,
and at least 50 new employees in Python.
Jobs across those locations will include engineers,
assembly technicians, maintenance technicians,
enrichment operators, lab technicians,
project management and project controls.
And finally, and this will be a big achievement
from a design perspective,
we will be releasing our first certified
for construction work package in Python.
This is where the design for a key plan system
has completed necessary reviews
and is formally signed and stamped for use
by construction crews.
We additionally expect to have the majority
of our construction partners mobilization completed
in Ohio by the end of the year.
We expect to be able to provide more details
as we continue to make progress,
including a timeline to the completion
of our first centrifuge produced
by our commercial scale manufacturing process.
This will be another groundbreaking milestone
as it represents the supply chain coming together
and its ability to produce a centrifuge.
With that, I will turn the call over to Todd
and then come back with some final thoughts.
Todd?
Thank you, Amir, and good morning
to everyone on today's call.
Let me first walk you through our results
before providing more detail
on some of what Amir discussed
as well as our financial guidance.
2025 was another great year of execution
both on the operational and financial fronts
as we fortify and prepare the business ahead
on this industrial buildout.
Total revenue for 2025 was $448.7 million,
a $6.7 million or a 1.5% increase over full year 2024.
The LU segment generated $346.2 million in 2025,
relatively flat versus $349.9 million over 2024 levels.
Importantly, while uranium revenue decreased
54% year-over-year to $55.6 million,
due in part to a large one-time uranium sale
in the fourth quarter of 2024,
soil revenue increased 21% year-over-year
or $51.9 million, driven by a 23% increase
in the volume of soil sold.
The technical solution segment
delivered 102.5 million in 2025,
an increase of 10.4 million or 11% over 2024 levels,
driven by a 10.5 million increase
in the revenue generated by the HALO operations contract.
Total gross profit for 2025 was 117.5 million,
a 6 million or roughly 5% increase
over 2024 gross profit.
The LU segment's full year 2025 cost of sales
decreased 21.3 million or 8% to 234.7 million.
The 2025 LU segment gross profit increased 17.6 million
or roughly 19% to 111.5 million in 2025,
driven primarily by an increase
in the volume of soil sold
and an increase in the margin on soil sales
due to contract and pricing mix
partially offset by a decrease in uranium gross profit.
The technical solution segment's 2025 cost of sales
increased 22 million or 30% to 96.5 million,
driven primarily to a 22.8 million increase
in cost incurred under the HALO operations contract
partially offset by a decrease in cost
related to other contracts.
The segment's 2025 gross profit decreased 11.6 million
or 66% to 6 million due to the aforementioned factors.
Phase two cost incurred subsequent to November, 2024
have not been subject to a fee
as this portion of the contract remains undefended size
and is subject to final resolution.
Importantly, we had a scheduled
and permitted fourth quarter shipment from Russia
that did not leave as expected due to a shipping issue.
That shipment, which was pushed out
to the first quarter of 2026
would have driven down the average cost per swoo
and positively impacted gross margin and net income.
In addition, in the year we experienced
a non-reoccurring GNA cost of 3.6 million
and 1.1 million relate to voluntary tax withholdings
and CFO transition costs, respectively.
To provide a better picture of our earnings
and account for potential variances in future shipments
as well as our quarterly earnings fluctuations,
next quarter we will begin to present financials
in both our quarterly
as well as a trailing 12 month format.
Turning to our backlog, as of December 31st, 2025,
the total company's backlog stood at 3.8 billion
in extends to 2040.
The L.U. segment backlog was approximately 2.9 billion.
This includes future swoo
and uranium deliveries primary under medium
and long-term contracts, fixed commitments,
as well as the 2.3 billion
in contingent L.U. sale contracts
and commitments with 2.1 billion
of the total under definitive agreements
and 200 million of the total subject
to entering into definitive agreements.
Our technical solution segment backlog
is approximately 900 million
as of December 31st, 2025,
which includes funded amounts, unfunded amounts
and unexercised options.
The options relate
to the company's HALO operations contract.
Turning to our capitalization, in 2025,
we raised gross proceeds of 533.6 million
through two ATM programs.
We raised gross proceeds of 390.4 million
through our recently announced
November 2025 ATM program
at an average of 269 and 21 cents per share.
Combined with our cash generated by our business
and oversubscribed August convertible senior note issuance,
we ended the year
with an unrestricted cash balance of 2 billion.
And as Amir noted,
we were recently selected
for the $900 million HALO Enrichment Award,
which could increase to just over 1 billion
with $170 million of additional options.
We are still in the process
of negotiating our final contract with the DOE,
which will be based on milestone payments.
With our funding and our line of sight to customer demand,
as of now, we plan to have HALO production online
before the end of the decade
and to produce 12 metric tons of HALO per year thereafter.
Our work chest provides centers
with the ability to begin funding
our operations to stand up our supply chain
while making the necessary investments in our facilities,
machinery, partners
and workforce as part of the build out.
Going forward, we will continue to prudently shape
our balance sheet to support this large,
first-of-a-kind industrial build out
of one-of-a-kind centrifuge technology
that can meet both commercial
and national security requirements.
We believe we are sufficiently funded to meet
our near-term capital requirements
and our current LU backlog
in potential HALO enrichment awards
that should allow us to meet our milestone
of reaching anthropokine costs.
We are simultaneously pursuing other avenues
of low cost for capital to continue the strength
of our capital stack,
including national security-related funding,
future prepayment or off-take arrangements
and potential foreign direct investments.
Maintaining a healthy cash balance
provides additional flexibility
to negotiate with any of these potential partners
while also moving us closer
to removing the contingency
around our LU enrichment backlog.
Turning to guidance, as Amir discussed,
we are providing both financial and operational guidance.
Let me dive deeper into the financial points he discussed.
By 2026, we are providing the following financial guidance.
Total company revenue of 425 million to 475 million
with the midpoint of 450 million
representing flat year-over-year growth
and total capital deployment of 350 million to 500 million.
2026 capital deployment will also include prepaid expenses
that do not appear as CAFEX,
but impact free cash flow as we invest in our partners
as they scale up ahead of our production.
With that, I will turn it back to Amir.
Thanks, Dodds.
Our strategy to build both LU and HALO capacity
is a clear signal to potential customers
that Centris has achieved an important inflection point
and is prepared to meet future enrichment needs.
Apps in Centris, the market must rely
on a duopoly of state-backed competitors with a shared
signal point of failure center-fuge manufacturing risk.
Providing Centris with orders
de-risks customers' businesses
and provides us with the clarity needed
to stand up our operations.
On the LU side, the technology was already proven
and so too now is our role in the LU enrichment supply chain.
The projected gap between supply and demand
for both domestic and foreign utilities continues to widen.
In the U.S., we continue to see signs
from the administration through regulators
and to utilities that demand will only increase
as they seek to unleash American energy dominance
and energy security.
On the HALO side, we are now going to build out capacity
and capitalize on our first mover advantage.
We were already in conversation with hyperscalers
for future prepayment or off-take-life agreements,
another potential source of low-cost capital financing.
Here we demonstrate that we expect to have at least
some capacity ready before the end of the decade
and ahead of the advanced reactor market maturing.
And for our government, we thank you again
for the award and look forward to supporting
the national security establishment
to our fullest ability.
We are embarking on a vital industrial build-out
to support the global nuclear industry's growth
and American energy independence.
We look forward to updating you with more
as we embark on this exciting new step.
With that, I will turn the call over
to the operator for questions.
Operator.
Thank you.
We will now be conducting a question and answer session.
If you would like to ask a question,
please press star one on your telephone keypad.
A confirmation tone will indicate your line
is in the question queue.
You may press star two
if you would like to remove your question from the queue
and for a participant choosing speaker equipment
and maybe necessary to pick up your handset
before pressing the star keys.
We ask that you please limit to one question
and re-queue for additional questions.
Our first question is from Ryan Sight
with B. Riley Securities.
Please proceed.
Yeah, good morning guys.
Thanks for taking my question.
Maybe we could talk about the timeline
a little bit more.
It sounds like you're looking to improve
on the 22-month forecast
that you've talked about in the past.
Can you talk about some of the potential initiatives
that might help pull that forward,
whether it's more funding, other federal programs
or anything else we should be aware of?
Morning, Ryan.
Appreciate your question.
Thank you for calling today.
You're pointing to an area
that is increasingly important to us obviously
as we now embark on actual manufacturing of centrifuges
and fulfilling some of our commitments.
Execution is becoming and has become a priority for us.
And so the, as I stated earlier in the remarks,
continuous improvement in the ability
to reduce unit costs and go faster
is fair amount as we build out our capacity.
We have to do it in parallel
and I will tell you that we have quite a few folks
dedicated to this and we're dedicating resources to this
and it is evident to me that we already have
good list of opportunities that we're executing on.
We have a good list of partners that we've announced,
for example, Floor,
which we're very proud of that partnership.
They're best in class and others that we're working with
that we have not announced
and in the future we'll make announcements related to that.
All this to say that being able to go more efficiently,
reducing unit costs and going faster is a priority for us.
As I said, day one and we're executing on it in parallel
and stay tuned for more updates
as we continue with the process.
Great, thanks, Mayor.
Our next question is from Rob Brown
with Lake Street Capital Markets, please proceed.
Good morning, Chris.
This is on all the progress.
On the commercialization side of the LEU commercialization,
is that capacity ramp sort of similar timeline
of the Hayley ramp and when does that kind of reach point
where you have that backward turn from contingent
to sort of final?
Well, good morning.
Thanks for calling in and for the question.
Let me just maybe repeat the question
and make sure that I'm answering the right one.
Your question, first of all, is around the contingency
associated with our sales
and when does that turn into a firm commitment?
Did I get it right?
Yeah, correct.
Thank you.
Yeah, so this is not something that at this point
we will get into a lot of contractual details.
Needless to say that we, as I stated before,
we have the intention and the plan
that we're progressing towards fulfilling
our commitments.
This backlog of LEU commitments that we've announced
is extremely important to us.
And again, I will not comment specifically
on the details of the contractual arrangements,
but this is exactly what we're executing towards
and we have a real intention to meet our commitments.
Okay.
Thanks for your help.
Turn it over.
Thank you very much.
Our next question is from Eric Stein
with Craig Hallam Capital Group.
Please proceed.
Good morning, everyone.
Good morning.
Hey, so maybe just on the CAPEX.
Appreciate the CAPEX guidance for 26.
If you could talk about, if possible,
maybe the linearity of that CAPEX
expected throughout the year.
And then also, as we think about the number that you gave,
is that kind of a representative number on an annual basis
as you work towards that initial 2029 operational date
or I mean, is this a number that is more representative?
It's the first year.
And you likely, it either increases from there
or is lower going forward.
Yeah.
Thanks for calling in.
What I would say is looking past 2026,
obviously our CAPEX spend and the manufacturing process
gets more linear.
Currently right now, you know, this,
the number that we have provided for guidance is capital spend.
So that does include some long-lead procurement,
potential prepayments of supplier agreements,
and also engineering work at our Python facility.
So the first year is not indicative of, you know,
the linear spend that I anticipate seeing in 27 through 29.
Period.
Due to those factors.
What I will say is as we move through the year,
anytime that we see an adjustment,
we'll reflect that in the guidance and we'll try to keep you,
you know, it's why we want to inform the,
you know, the investors the best way we can
on where we're going to be over the next 12 months,
but also on what demand it shakes out to be,
you know, from a plant standpoint at both manufacturing
and Python and, you know, we'll work towards,
you know, fine-tuning that guidance,
but initial year does include some prepayments
and long-lead procurement.
Okay. Thank you.
Our next question is from Jed Doshmeyer
with William Blair, please proceed.
Hi, guys.
Thanks for taking my question.
Congrats on the progress.
I guess, you know, for my one question,
just the achieving the nth of a kind,
you know, just wondering if I'm reading into this correctly,
I'd always assume that, you know,
maybe it took the 3.5 million swoo to achieve that.
It sounds like that's not the case that you can achieve
that target with less capacity.
And so I'm just curious if you might be able to give
a little bit more framework on the relative capacity
to achieving the nth of a kind target.
Thanks.
Yes, good morning, Jed.
Thanks for calling in.
Good question.
The nth of a kind will be achieved
way before the 3 million swoos, as you mentioned.
I would have to say that, in my view,
this is an important announcement to make
to the analysts here, to shareholders and investors.
As you know, one of the greatest obstacles
for any new entrant into the market
is the nth of a kind cost.
And the fact that we are commencing,
we're building towards a certain, you know,
volume and capacity,
and the fact that we are able to get through
the first of a kind in this short period of time,
I think, is remarkably important.
As always, I'm very careful.
We're not disclosing full costs,
and so I will stop there.
But I believe I answered your question.
And like I said, the fact that we're crossing
the nth of a kind cost is a big announcement,
a big achievement for us.
You did.
Thanks.
Great. Thank you.
Thank you, Jim.
Our next question is from Joseph Rieger
with Russ Capital.
Please proceed.
Hey, Omega R&D.
Thanks for taking the questions.
I guess most of my questions have been answered,
but just to kind of touch on, you know,
looking forward a couple of years,
has the government started to come around
this January 1, 2028 cutoff for Russian imports?
Is there been any willingness to discuss
that, you know, given domestically,
you guys should be first to market
that there isn't really going to be supply
in 2028, 2029 domestically?
Yeah.
Well, another good question,
and thank you for calling in as well.
I can give you my perspective
from interfacing with customers,
potential customers, be they on the LEU side
or on the HALO side, in other words,
the existing commercial fleet
or the advanced reactors that are being built.
It seems like there's a lot of demand
that is being stacked up in around those years
towards the end of the decade.
We are seeing a lot of demand there.
On the government side, I really can't report anything
because, you know, there's nothing really to report.
There's nothing out there in the public domain
that expresses any concerns.
But as you know, the real concerns
and the real push will come from the customers,
the industry, the utilities themselves
if and when the problem presents itself.
Some of the leading indicators,
as I mentioned earlier,
we are already experiencing
in the form of intense discussions
and discussions around HALO.
As you know, we're bringing HALO supply
ahead of advanced reactors being commercially viable.
And so that creates a lot of demand as well
just as a reminder.
HALO is not only enrichment of HALO,
it requires a significant enrichment
of LEU and LEU capacity as well.
So you have a force multiplier there
that will only kind of reveal itself
in the next few years.
But back to your original question,
nothing to report from the government side
and if the government will take note of it,
it most definitely will have to start
from, you know, the utilities
and the customers themselves
pointing it out as a problem.
Okay. Thank you very much.
Our next question is from David Chloe
with UBS, please proceed.
Hey, everyone. Good morning.
Thanks for taking my question.
I guess really quick, the 26th guide
is flat year over year for revenue.
Just wondering if you would kind of remind us
of some of the contract dynamics
for your long-term supply arrangements.
And then also, if and when,
we should expect to see any kind of step-up
in line with some of the changes
we've seen in long-term school prices
in line with some of the indices.
Thank you.
Yeah, so our guidance is flat.
We picked the midpoint
and obviously there's a number of factors
obviously around that guidance.
As we mentioned on the call,
you know, we did have one shipment
that obviously impacted our year-end results
for a gross profit all the way down
to net income and earnings per share.
And these are some of the challenges
that we face just with normal shipping delays.
I would say this was not due to any permitting
or any waivers that had to go along
with any Russian material.
But we see upside to our potential guidance.
The market continues to improve itself.
We've seen some record high spot prices and swoo.
We hope those dynamics continue.
And, you know, a lot of our supply is contracted
both from, you know, two foreign sources.
We feel comfortable with our on our supply side.
Our goal is to maximize the margin
on the revenue side and sales to our customer.
Our next question is from Jeff Gramp
with Northland Capital Markets.
Please proceed.
Good morning.
My question is regarding the timeline
that you guys have put out to
in this initial advertisement capacity.
I'm curious, are there more important milestones
or roadblocks that would more tangibly
de-risk the timeline that you guys have put out
that you could communicate along the way
and what might those be?
Just kind of wondering how you guys are able
to communicate publicly progress
towards de-risking that timeline.
Thank you.
Yeah, well, thanks for calling in.
That's another great question on execution here.
So, if you think about lead times to production,
a lot of it has to do with our own cycle times,
our supplier cycle times, the lead times
that we can get our suppliers to commit to,
how we can figure our supply chain.
All of these are being worked on, as I said,
as we speak right now and in parallel
with the actual initial build of the centrifuges.
We do, as I said earlier,
we do look at different partners,
different ways that we can be more efficient and faster.
I foresee that when those mature
and there's something to report,
we certainly will be very transparent
in how we announce them.
You know, we will uncover efficiencies
as we go through the process,
and I'm sure that there will be more announcements
that will be made.
I believe I answered the question.
I think it's important to know that we do see
the man peeking around the time
of when we are bringing our capacity.
And to the earlier question
by the earlier analyst around issues
around misalignment of supply and demand,
we're predicting that that would be the case.
We predict that there would be issues around supply
and the ability to meet the demand.
And so we're doing everything in our power
to be able to expedite that to the market.
And again, the example that I use there,
if we start seeing real,
committing demand for HALU,
which we're already in discussions with several OEMs
and we're starting to see that happen,
especially after we got the announcement out
on the award for the $900 million from the DOE,
we're seeing great engagement from a lot of the OEMs.
Once they'll start becoming reality,
and I predict they will very soon,
then that creates huge demand for LEU as well.
And so I think all of that is going to become a lot clearer
as we step through the major milestones this year
and in the next few years.
And I just want to add that the importance
of our supply chain is critical.
We're working very diligently
on making sure our supply chain meets national security needs.
So those steps in order to meet
that supply chain requirements,
we have to be careful with,
we have to be prudent and make sure that we cover all of our basis.
Once we achieve those supply chain requirements
for national security,
it allows us to move a little quicker.
And so we'll continue to provide updates throughout the year
and in future quarters on how those milestones can be,
you know, tracked and we'll hold ourselves accountable.
Great, I appreciate that thought.
Thank you, guys.
Our next question is from the Graham Baggery
with the City Group.
Please proceed.
Hi, it's Ted Allen for Thanks for taking the question.
Could you talk about the HALO production target that you have
on a metric ton basis?
It looks like it's roughly enough for an initial load
for one of the advanced reactors.
So could you just confirm whether that quantity includes
both an assumption of market demands
as well as the demand that you see from the DOE task orders?
Yes, yeah, good morning.
Thank you for that question.
The way I read your question is around the capacity
and what that capacity actually means for the industry
in terms of the ability to satisfy some of the initial pores
or what they may be.
We've got to remember the intent of the DOE program
was to stimulate the market.
So here we had a market where there was not necessarily
demand that anybody could commit to.
And the Department of Energy has widely said,
well, what we're going to do is we're going to invest,
we're going to create the capacity,
and then we're going to allow the OEMs to contract
for that capacity.
And exactly as they planned, we're starting to see that.
We're seeing the OEMs now lining up
and having discussions and conversations
for the capacity that's going to become available.
More specifically to what does that number represent,
it depends on the design.
It depends on the specific OEMs, the size of their reactor.
It depends on how they're going to configure their supply chain
and what enrichment they would require.
I will point out two things to you.
Number one, we did say that it is our full intention
to have both LEU and HALU capacity,
and we're progressing on those fronts,
and it is our intention to serve the commercial
and national security needs,
and we're progressing on those two fronts as well.
And so there is really no specific answer to that,
other than the fact that we will continue
expanding our plans if need be,
and we're pushing as hard as we can to be
to get as much off-take as possible
and in demand as possible.
And if need be, our plans would be expanded accordingly.
This is a good kickoff and starting point for us
in terms of our capacity assumptions.
Got it, very helpful.
I have one follow-up.
Just in terms of the guidance,
could you just remind us how pricing is set in the contracts?
Are you able to talk about what portion of the plans
and memories for 2026 already have the cost of supply fixed?
Yeah, so in our guidance,
we don't comment on the contractual makeup of our contracts.
What we have said is we do have secure supply
from two foreign sources,
and that allows us to get comfort around our guidance
and secured that we have everything in place,
both waivers and, you know,
well, as I said, normal shipping channels to move forward.
Our next question is from Steven Generow
and Steven, please proceed.
Thanks. Good morning, everybody.
I was curious what you could tell us on this front.
When we think about, you know,
the cap-backs you're spending to build out capacity
over the next decade,
how do you think about the evolution of shrew prices
to sort of support the economics behind it?
I know you're not going to give me that number,
but I think about shrew for Halu and LU,
and just in your minds, like, how does that dynamic play out?
Yeah, good.
Thanks for that question, Steven.
Thanks for calling in today.
I think it's an important topic to discuss
because, you know, we talk a lot about cost,
which is very important part of the project
and the elements that we're considering.
Likewise, the shrew prices out there
and our ability to contract for higher shrew prices
or favorable shrew prices
is a major consideration for us.
So I think the question of how do you see the shrew prices
sort of momentum in the market
I think is something we discuss and debate
and monitor very closely internally.
The shrew prices, in my view,
are going to adjust down only if one of two things happen.
Well, if one of two things happens,
either demand goes down,
in other words, we're going to start shutting down reactors
or basically the supply side is going to outpace the demand.
I sure hope that the former does not happen.
There's no indications of that.
And for the latter,
most of the announced expansions,
either it's us or our competitors,
is based on contracted swoos.
So there is really nobody out there
that is building what I call just in case
already to serve swoos
that they will be eager to get off
and sell on the market.
All this to say that my view is that
as supply becomes tighter towards the end of the decade
and as utilities start going out for bids,
I think that would continue to apply upward pressure
on swoop prices.
And so that obviously strengthens our business case,
that strengthens our investment
and our case for our shareholders
and that really is how I view the situation.
Now this doesn't even include some of the extra
and bonus opportunities that are out there.
So if advanced reactors become a dominant force in the market,
somebody comes out and announces
major build of advanced reactors,
that is going to apply even further pressure
on not only HALU and as I mentioned earlier,
on LEU's capacity as well,
I think that would be a big upside
and a big opportunity as well.
We went through a major geopolitical event
where the largest producer of enrichment in the world
has really been not going to be trading in the western market.
And I think the ramifications and the ripples of that
are not going to be settled for a long time, in my view.
Great. That's great colors.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Our next question is from Sumire Dashi
with H.C. Wayne Wright. Please proceed.
Thanks for taking my questions
and congrats on the good progress.
The question is about the 900 million
from the DOE task order.
Given that advanced reactors are likely to come online
towards the end of the decade,
should we expect these 10-year contracts
to be really five-year contracts
and get the money up front-loaded?
Well, good morning. Thank you for calling
and really good topic to talk about.
So we, as I mentioned earlier,
we now are in discussions with numerous folks
about their needs, what we can supply
and some commercial discussions
are taking place as well.
The way I view it is we will be looking
to maximize the commitments from suppliers.
Obviously longer-term commitments
are more favorable to us.
That would be reflected in the pricing as well.
I mean, when you look at contract pricing,
it takes all of that into account.
You know, your question was about front-loading
some of these contracts from a cash perspective.
I mean, obviously, these are all the things
that we constantly try to optimize
and we will continue to try to optimize
in the best interests of our shareholders,
particularly that most of the schools
that we're selling is what I call
expansion schools.
These are schools that we're investing capital in.
So absolutely we will be looking
to optimize all of these things.
Beyond that, comments about any specific contracts
or terms and conditions
I'll refrain from discussing here.
Our next question is from Bill Peterson
with J.P. Morgan.
Please proceed.
Yeah, hi.
Good morning, Amir and Todd.
Thanks for all the details,
including the guidance parameters for the year.
I was wondering if you can double-click
on what opportunities you have to pull in,
you know, the 42-month timeframe you spoke of,
as well as, I'd say, to build out more broadly.
I guess what I'm getting at is, you know,
what's under your control versus suppliers
or other third parties,
how much is contingent on additional financing,
negotiations with suppliers and partners,
or I think you alluded to earlier,
government approvals related to national security.
Yeah.
Well, good morning, Bill.
Thanks for that question.
I think that what you're double-clicking on
is exactly the areas
of the most important conversations
we're having internally right now.
As I said, execution is fair amount.
Meeting our commitment is fair amount.
In parallel with that,
we've got to be able to generate opportunities
and do better than what we committed to.
If you look at what are those opportunities,
and I'm just going to use general terms
and general themes,
we're very unique in that we're building
our own centrifuges.
We have the capability, obviously,
to build our centrifuges.
We have partners that are suppliers.
And so a lot of what we do is really within our control,
and we have a pretty wide range of motion
in being able to generate the opportunities.
So, for example, things like cycle time
around some of the components that we manufacture,
working and incentivizing and structuring contracts
and relationship with suppliers
to incentivize them for shorter lead times
and ensuring that we structure our oversight,
ensuring that we structure our own processes
to yield best quality, first time best yield that we can.
To me, this is fundamental, elementary,
manufacturing excellence,
and we are partnering, bringing people that specialize in it,
utilizing every piece of knowledge and experience
that are out there to come and help us.
And so far, we have been pleased with the progress,
and as I said earlier,
we are really looking forward to making more announcements
around how we're doing, who we're partnering with
and what value that brings to the project
and the shareholder.
I don't know that I will be able to go more specific than that,
but in general, these are the themes that we're attacking,
and as I said numerous times,
I think this is one of the most important topics
that we're applying energy into at the present time.
And I'll just add, one of the important factors
on deploying capital is having a well-capitalized balance sheet.
Our line of sight to our spend,
not only over the next 12 months, but 24 months,
allows us to make sure that we can deploy capital
without slowing down that timeline,
regardless of market conditions.
We do not want to be forced in any downward market conditions
to be raising expensive capital
and negatively impacting our shareholders.
So, you know, we'll be optimistic and opportunistic
with, you know, our balance sheet to make sure
we're capitalized to cover ourselves,
that we do not slow down that timeline
into deploying capital to meet our manufacturing rates.
Appreciate the color of your sign.
Thank you.
Our next question is from Lawson Winder
with Bank of America. Please proceed.
Thank you very much, Operator.
And hello, Amir and Todd.
Thank you for today's update.
I'd like to also say congratulations on the $900 million
to support your HALU build out.
In that vein, I'd like to just dig down
on something that might be a really obvious question,
but I'm just not totally clear on it.
And that is, longer term,
what is your sourcing strategy for the L.E.U. feed
for the HALU?
Maybe put it another way, how much of your L.E.U. production
will be captive to your HALU production
and how much of that $3.5 million slew
then will be available to satisfy L.E.U. primary demand?
And then further, if the L.E.U. capacity isn't available
to meet the HALU feed, you know,
what are the options, you know,
really given that the Russian supply will be going away
after 2028?
All right, good morning.
Good question.
I'm going to ask you a question very generally.
And please let me know if there's more specific details
that I can provide.
From a general perspective, it is our intention,
our plan, our goal, our strategy
to maximize the capacity of the facility that we're building.
As I said, we kicked off with a certain base case
from which we're going to build progressively,
and that would depend on customer commitments,
which we are actively soliciting
and getting great engagement
as of the announcement of the $900 million.
Those commitments would be able to drive
our continued volume expansion of L.E.U.
and or HALU depending on the contract type.
For our HALU customers, just from general terms,
it would be my intention to would want to optimize
the swoos that we provide,
which means that I would try to have a contract
that includes providing HALU and providing the L.E.U.
and obviously to be able to enrich both.
So I'm not really commenting on any specific contract
or any specific discussion or negotiation
that we have in place,
but it is our intention to be able to provide
both L.E.U. enrichment and HALU enrichment
through the optimal and maximum capacity that we can.
And to your second part of the question,
if for example,
hypothetically speaking,
if you have a HALU contract
for which you don't have sufficient L.E.U. feed,
I mean, that usually contractually speaking
is not an issue.
There is contracting mechanisms
either by ourselves or the customers
that are able to utilize other suppliers for that.
Now, I earlier said that I foresee
that there's going to be tightness
towards the end of the decade.
So notwithstanding that comment,
we have the ability
or the customers have the ability
to contract feed should that be needed.
But to my overall theme,
we're going to try to optimize and maximize
both because economies of scale
for the facility are important.
Okay, thank you very much.
That's a fantastic call.
Thank you.
We have reached the end of our question and answer session.
I would like to turn the conference back over
to Danielle for closing remarks.
Thank you, Operator.
This will conclude our investor call
for the fourth quarter in full year 2025.
As always, I want to thank our listeners online
and our analysts who called in.
We look forward to speaking with you again next quarter.
Thank you.
This will conclude today's conference.
Connect at this time and thank you for your participation.