Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Lily Q2 2025 earnings conference call.
At this time all participants are on a snowy boat.
Later we will be conducting a question and answer session and instructions will be given at that time.
Should you request assistance during the call please press star then zero and an operator will assist you offline.
I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mike Sappar,
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Good morning. Thank you for joining us for emailing companies Q2 2025 earnings call.
I'm Mike Sappar, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations.
Joining me on today's call are Dave Bricks, Police Chair and CEO, Lucas Mondarse,
Chief Financial Officer, Dr. Dan Skarowski, Chief Scientific Officer, and President of
Lily Immunology, and White President of Lily Neuroscience.
President of Lily USA and global customer capabilities, Jake Van Arden,
President of Lily oncology, Patrick Ganton, President of Lily International,
and Ken Custer, newly appointed President of Lily Cardio Metabolic Health.
We're also joined by Mark Heeman, Susan Hitchellon, and White Long of the Investor Relations team.
During this call we anticipate making projections and forward-looking statements based on our current
expectation. Our actual results may differ materially due to several factors,
including those listed on slide four. Additional information concerning factors that
can cause actual results to differ materially is contained in our latest form 10K and subsequent
violence with the SEC. The information we provide about our products and pipeline is for the
benefit of the investment community. It's not intended to be promotional and it's not sufficient
for prescribed institutions. As we transition to our prepared remarks, please note, our commentary
will focus on our non-gap financial measures. Now, I'll turn the call over today.
Thanks Mike. Q2 is a strong quarter. We delivered robust revenue growth, shared topline clinical
data from multiple phase 3 programs, and invested in several initiatives that will support our
future growth. Today, we shared positive topline data from the attain one or forgapron trial
in people with obesity. In attain one, patients taking the highest dose of a forgapron
lost more than 27 pounds or 12.4% of their body weight. In addition, the safety and
tolerability in attain one was consistent with the injectable GOP1 class.
Our forgapron also met all secondary endpoints in the study, improving key markers of
metabolic health, such as blood pressure, cholesterol, and inflammation. This is the second
positive phase 3 trial for forgapron. We reported this year, and we're encouraged by these results.
Our goal from the beginning was to create a medicine that has a clinical profile consistent with
approved GOP1, while offering the convenience of a one-staley pill, and the production
flexibility of small molecule chemistry to meet global demand. We believe this medicine has
the potential to make a significant impact on human health, and we will now work with urgency
to submit our forgapron around the world to meet the global challenge of obesity.
On slide 6, we list key Q2 financial metrics, and highly progress related to our strategic
deliverables. Revenue group 38% compared to Q22024, driven by our key products. These include
Abglis, J. Perkut, Kisungla, Majaro, Ambo, Rosenio, and Zeppem. In the U.S., we continue the robust
uptake of Zeppem and Majaro, and Lily Gain Marketshire in the Ancherton analog class for the
fourth quarter in a row. Majaro also recently became the market leader in the U.S., in total
prescriptions within the type 2 diabetes microchene market. Outside the U.S., we continue to launch
Majaro in new countries. These include Mexico and Brazil most recently. We have now launched Majaro
in most major markets. Q2 was also a quarter of continued investment for Lily. In addition to
increasing commercial activities to support our newest medicines, we started multiple new clinical programs.
While the company is experiencing rapid revenue growth, we're also increasing our R&D investment
as early-face program data continues to impress us, and to support our future growth of the company.
Our financial performance in the first half of 2025 was strong. As a result, we raised our revenue
in earnings for share guides. Lucas will cover this in more detail during the financial update.
In addition to the results from a Tain 1, we achieved several key milestones since our last
earnings call. These include the U.S. FDA approval of a new dosing schedule for Kisungla,
the positive European CHMP opinion for Kisungla. An announced positive results in the surpass
CVOT-based 3 trial for its appetite and people with type 2 diabetes and heart disease.
We announced positive results in the brewing CLL 314 phase 3 trial of perturbative in CLL and SLL.
And we launched the two highest doses of step-bounded vials in the United States.
We now have to enclose the acquisition of site 1 therapeutics, which expands the least pain portfolio
and has a clinical stage non-opioid pain program to our MIX. In ver of therapeutics,
which adds new genetic medicines for cardiovascular disease with potential to only be administered
once in a person's lifetime. We made progress in Q2 and throughout the first half of 2025 to bring
new manufacturing capacity online. We produced more than 1.6 times the amount of sale
will anchor to doses during the first half of 2025 when compared to the first half of 2024.
This includes a significant step-up in capacity from our recently constructed facility
in research triangle park North Carolina. We will continue to bring more capacity online in the
second half of 2025 and expect our production capabilities to increase further. We also plan to
announce the location of two of our new US manufacturing facilities later this quarter.
During the quarter we distributed $1.3 billion in dividends and executed approximately $700 million
in share purchases. Before I turn the call over Lucas, I'd like to offer some perspective on the
drug pricing reform discussion that's going on. While we support the administration's position
that medical research costs need to be shared more equitably across developed countries,
it's also true that the US pharmaceutical market has significant defects which shift
costs to consumers and increase red tape. These problems also require urgently form and make
apples to apples comparisons of expected pricing in accurate and misleading. At Lily, we've already
implemented several initiatives which directly lower patient costs for most commonly used medicines.
We operated direct to consumer model at scale through Lily Direct which provides more affordable
access to Lily medicines. This includes our leading weight loss medications that found at a
discount of more than 50% off the list price. We also led a resulting in some pricing issues in
our country by reducing list prices by 70% and ensuring broad access to $35 monthly
patient costs, including for Medicare. Negotiated prices in Europe come with broad access,
low patient copays, and without administrative hurdles like prior authorizations.
There are also no intermediaries that distort prices and hospitals do not seek profit
by selling medicines and marking them up. If we import foreign price controls and insert them into
a US system that isn't built to function for patients, we risk embracing the worst of two worlds.
The low productivity and output of Europe's biopharma sector with the high out of pocket
and distorted prices of the US insurance market. Both today's patients and the future of
new cures and treatments will suffer, along with the United States competitiveness. Of course,
we will engage in our committed to working instructively with the administration to find solutions
that both benefit patients while preserving the hope for tomorrow's cures and the scientific
base that has made America the envy of all in global pharmaceutical innovation.
Now I'll turn the call over to Lucas through the U.R. Q2 results. Thanks Dave.
As shown on his slide seven, Q2 was another strong quarter of financial performance.
Revenue group 88% compared to Q2-2024 driven by our key products.
Gross margin as a percentage of revenue was 85% in Q2, an increase of 3 percentage points versus
the same quarter last year. The increasing gross margin was primarily driven by improved
cost of production and favorable product max, which were partially offset by lower realized prices.
Market in selling an administrative expenses increased by 30%. As we continue to increase
investment to support our newest launches across the epidemic areas and geographies.
R&D expenses increased 23% earned by higher expenses for late stage assets and additional
investment in early stage research. Our non-gap performance margin, which we define as gross
margin less R&D market in selling an administrative expenses as a percentage of revenue, was 45.9%.
Performance margin increased by more than 6 percentage points from Q2-2024 driven by revenue growth.
Our Q2 effective tax rate was 16.5%. Consistent with Q2-2024.
At the bottom nine, earnings per sharing increased 61% to $6.31, including
of negative impact of 14 cents from acquire R&D charges. This compares to $3.92 in Q2-2024,
which also includes 14 cents of acquire R&D charges. On its Friday, we quantify the effect of price,
rate and volume on revenue growth. US revenue increased 38% in Q2 driven by strong volume growth
of 7.5%. Partially, you have said by an 8% declining price. In Europe, revenue grew 7.7%
in constant currency, reflecting the strong update of Monjaro. Japan revenue grew 7% in
cost and currency driven by Monjaro on Airplis. In China, revenue increased 19% in cost and currency
driven by volume growth of Monjaro. Revenue in the rest of the world decreased by 1% in
cost and currency, doing primarily by stocking in the base period related to Monjaro
launches in new markets. This impact was largely upset by volume growth of Monjaro on
percent of this year. Sly 9 provides an update of the performance of our key products.
In with immunology, Apple is continues to perform well in a topic dermatitis.
New patient stocks and revenue trends are strong and total prescriptions have nearly double
since Q1. We also made progress in curing access, and Eblis is now covered by all three
of the largest pharmacy-benefit managers that represent 90% of people with commercial insurance.
For Ombo, we are one full quarter into the launching from the seas and are making progress
in a competitive market. The news cited free formulation is available in most major markets,
and we are seeing positive trends in new patients starts in the U.S., Germany, Japan,
and other international markets. Moving to oncology, physician pick feedback on
drug purica continued to be very positive. While still only approving later lines of CLL and NCO,
we have seen a strong update within the label population and encouraging trends regarding time
on therapy. We continue to generate additional data in phase three trials that we believe will
support an expanded label and use in early settings. We recently announced positive results
of ruing three, 14 in CLL and NCO L in another positive step forward those goals.
We are seeing your global sales group 12% in Q2, driven by volume growth. We are seeing
your continued to be the NBRX and DRX market leader in the U.S., and a standard of care in high-risk
early-breast cancer. U.S. prescriptions grew by 4% in Q2 compared to Q2 2024,
and international volume grew by 18%. With a neuroscience, Kisunda is continuing a steady launch
trajectory and we are making significant progress in driving health care system readiness and adoption.
In the U.S., we are seeing a strong diagnostic growth driven by pet and the acceleration of blood
by omega test. This moment, I'm misleading to more people being diagnosed and accessing treatment.
Over 1,500 physicians and 150 of the top health care organization have started patients on Kisunda.
Outside the U.S., efforts are progressing as well with approval in 13 countries.
In Europe, we anticipate approval and launch later this year following the recent CHMP positive
opinion. Finally, moving to Cardium Metabolicals, Montcharo and Stepan both delivered impressive
performance. Montcharo posted $5.2 billion of global sales and accepted the quarter with more than
50% of new type 2 diabetes-ingreding prescriptions in the U.S. Montcharo also became the U.S. market
leader in total tag 2 diabetes-ingreding prescriptions in July and has gained 8% of
points in total prescriptions share of market during the first 7 months of 2025.
With a recently announced positive results from SuperCVOT, we look forward to some
meeting these data to global regulators to support a label cardiovascular indication.
Outside the U.S., Stepan is now launched in most major markets.
As a reminder, Montcharo's market as a single brand for both chronic weight management and
type 2 diabetes in all international markets except Canada and Japan.
While the initial reception of recent launches in Mexico Brazil, China and India has been excellent,
the commercial activities have been measured to ensure demand doesn't exceed supply
and that patient and physicians have a good experience.
Stepan performance was strong in Q2, contributing $3.4 billion of sales.
Stepan continues to be the U.S. market leader in the branded anti-OBCD market with
two-thirds of total patients taken in Stepan. We recently launched the 12.5 and 15mg single
use files in Little Red. All doses of Stepan are not available in the viral presentation.
While we work to secure broad on the reimbursement of anti-OBCD medicines,
we are encouraged by the Arctic of Stepan Inviles. The cash pay viles were approximately
20% of total U.S. Stepan prescriptions and over 35% of new prescriptions in Q2.
As a reminder, effective July 1, the CBS Pharmacy Benefit Manager began
excluding Stepan as an offering for patients on its template formula insurance plans.
This has caused significant disruption to patients and we strongly disagree with the decision
to restrain the access to medicine for patients. As demonstrating in randomized clinical trials,
including medicines for chronic wear management are not all the same.
While it's still early, we have seen this decision negatively impact Stepan prescriptions during
July and expected to be a headwind to the rate of volume growth in Q3.
We remain confident in the long-term growth outlook for Stepan as the most widely used
increase in therapy in the branded anti-OBCD market.
On its right hand, we provide a view on the U.S. increase in all-all-all-all-all-all market,
which include prescriptions for both type 2 diabetes and chronic wear management.
Q2 was another quarter of steady market growth as total prescriptions grew by 41% compared to Q2
to 2024. Lily performance was, again, strong, with sure of market reaching above 7.57%.
An increase of 3.8 percentage points compared to Q1 to 2025.
While market growth continued to be robust, overall penetration into the
adversarial population is still low and we believe significantly more patients can benefit from
increase in therapy. On slide 11, we provide an update on capital allocation.
Moving to slide 12, is our updated expectation for our 2020-25 financial performance.
We are encouraged by the underlying performance we saw across the business in the first half of the year.
We are increasing the bottom at the top end of the revenue range as well as our expectation
for performance margins and earnings per share. We now anticipate our revenue will be between
60 and 62 billion dollars. This range reflects the stronger performance and a table in
from foreign exchange rates. We will continue to invest to support our newest launches
and to develop new benefits. Even our updated expectations for revenue growth, we now expect
non-gap performance margin to be between 43 and 45.5% as a percentage of revenue.
The potential effect of tariffs remains dynamic and we will continue to update our estimate
assisted inflation changes. We expect the 2025 impact of currently announced tariffs to be modest
and this has been factor in our 2025 guidance range. At the bottom line, we have increased our
outlook for non-gap earnings per share and expect EPS of $21-$21 and 75 cents to $23.
As said mentioned earlier, we exceeded our increase in sellable doses production in the first half
of the year and expect to bring more capacity online during the second half of 2025.
We expect to produce at least 1.8 times the number of sellable increase in doses in the second
half of 2025 compared to the second half of 2024. Now when we turn the goal over Sudan to
highlight our progress on our endie. Thanks Lucas. We make quite a bit of progress since our
last earnings call. During just the past two weeks, we shared three phase three
beatouts from some of our most important molecules. I'll start with these. Last week,
we announced results from the Tersepatites surpass CVOT trial, where Tersepatite demonstrated
cardiovascular protection in a landmark head-to-head trial, which was the first ever cardiovascular
outcomes trial comparing two ingratin therapies in people with Type II diabetes in cardiovascular
disease. It included over 13,000 participants across 30 countries and it is the largest and longest
study of Tersepatite today. As shown on slide 13, Tersepatite achieved the primary objective of the study
demonstrating non-inferiority compared to Trollicity, with an 8% lower rate of MACE 3 events.
Tersepatite showed consistent results across all three components of the MACE 3 composite end point.
We were particularly impressed to see the rate of all cause mortality with 16% lower on
Tersepatite versus Dueloglutite. Because this trial did not include a placebo arm,
we conducted a pre-specified indirect comparison analysis of matched patient level data from the
rewind and surpass CVOT studies. This analysis showed that Tersepatite reduced the risk of MACE 3
by 28% and reduced all cause mortality by 39% compared to PUT placebo. We're very pleased with
these results, which showed that in addition to the well established best-in-class weight loss
and A1C control, Tersepatite now also provides a cardio-protective benefit
and may provide more wide reaching health improvements, including greater kidney protection
and a reduced overall risk of death. We look forward to detailed results being presented at the
EAS, D meeting in September, and published in a peer review journal. We plan to submit these data
to global regulators by the end of this year. The surpass CVOT results reinforced our enthusiasm
for Sermount MMO, which enrolled over 15,000 participants with obesity and will assess the impact
of Tersepatite on reducing morbidity and mortality. This is an event-based study and the rate of a
cruel will dictate the timing of the readout. While surpass CVOT and Sermount MMO are likely the
largest randomized trials will conduct with Tersepatite. We'll still explore additional
indications for this molecule, and we're excited to have started a new phase three trial in people
with type 1 diabetes. Moving on to Orphan Glipper. As Dave mentioned, today we're excited to announce
top line results from our second Orphan Glipper on phase three trial, the Tain 1. This trial included
people with obesity, but without type 2 diabetes. As shown on slide 14, patients in a Tain 1
lost on average between 7.8 percent and 12.4 percent of their body weight after 72 weeks,
depending on the dose. At the highest dose, the average which has been on Orphan Glipper on
lost more than 27 pounds, and approximately 40 percent of people on this dose lost more than 15
percent of their body weight. We also saw notable improvements on important drivers of cardiovascular
risk, including non-HEL cholesterol, triglycerides, and blood pressure. Moving to slide 15,
we are very pleased with the safety profile of Orphan Glipper on in a Tain 1. The most commonly reported
adverse events were gastrointestinal, which is consistent with the GLP1 class. Discontinuation
due to adverse events were low, with 5 to 10 percent of patients discontinued Orphan Glipper on
across doses. There were no hepatic safety signals. We look forward to sharing detailed results
from a Tain 1, also at the EASD meeting in September, and then a peer reviewed publication.
With today's readout, we've now seen results from two large Phase 3 clinical trials
involving over 3600 participants, and we're highly encouraged with what we've seen thus far.
The data from these first two pivotal studies provide evidence that of one daily Orphan Glipper
can achieve efficacy and safety in line with injectable GLP1s. Orphan Glipper on has a potential
to be a more convenient alternative to injectable treatments, and to be utilized to support
early disease intervention in the primary care setting. With these data on hand, we're now working
to move quickly towards our first regulatory submissions yet this year. We expect results from
four additional Orphan Glipper on Phase 3 trials over the next five months, three trials in people
with diabetes from our cheap program, and one additional trial from the attain program in people
with diabetes and obesity. The Tain 1 and attain 2 will support global submissions for chronic
weight management, which we expect in Q4. In addition to the ongoing Phase 3 trials for Orphan Glipper
on a diabetes, obesity, weight maintenance, and obstructive sleep apnea, we initiated a new program
for Orphan Glipper on this quarter, attain hypertension, focused on reducing systolic blood pressure
at 36 weeks as the primary endpoint. This is the first study of Orphan Glipper on that includes
patients with a baseline BMI as low as 25. We also announced plans to initiate a new Phase 3 trial
in people with knee osteoarthritis pain and overweight or obesity starting later this year.
Moving to Puerto Brutin. We announced positive results from the Bruin CLL 314, Phase 3 trial
of Puerto Brutinip compared to Ibrutinip in people with CLL SLL. This trial included treatment
naive patients, as well as patients previously treated but not for the BDK inhibitor.
Puerto Brutinip met the primary endpoint of response rate non-inferiori compared to Ibrutinip
and had a nominal p-value for superiority that was less than 0.05. While progression-free survival
data were immature, there was a positive trend in favor of Puerto Brutin. Additional testing
for progression-free survival is planned as part of a future analysis. Of note, the subpopulation
of treatment naive patients had a particularly pronounced progression-free survival-tranded
favor of Puerto Brutinip. This subpopulation had the longest follow-up, which is encouraging
for what we might see more broadly across the total study population over time.
This is the second positive phase 3 trial to read out for Puerto Brutinip,
as we continue to build evidence supporting the potential role
to this medicine in earlier settings. We look forward to the readout of Bruin CLL 313,
which assesses Puerto Brutinip versus chemo immunotherapy in treatment naive CLL SLL later this year.
We expect these data in combination with Bruin CLL 314 to form the basis of regulatory
submissions globally. In addition to our recent phase 3 readouts, we also have updates on
several other important molecules to Nenemab, Retruchide, and Olomeracip.
For Nenemab, we had three important milestones since our last turn it's called.
First, we were pleased to receive a positive opinion from the CHMP in the EU.
We look forward to approval and launch there later this year.
Second, the modified dosing schedule was approved in the U.S.,
further strengthening the safety profile for Nenemab, and we expect the modified dosing
Richmond to be part of the EU labeling at launch as well. Finally, we shared long-term
extension data from Trailblazer L2, which demonstrated that over three years,
Nenemab treated participants showed increasing clinical benefit, despite most participants
having completed treatment within the first 18 months of the trial. In a separate part of
the extension study, patients initiating Nenemab, after 18 months of placebo, also demonstrated
disease slowing once they started Nenemab. These data reinforced the value of early intervention,
and support the limited duration dosing approach, with sustained and increasing long-term
benefits for treatment. For Retruchide, we started a new phase three trial in chronic low back
pain in overweight or obesity, called Triumph 7. This is our second pain study for Retruchide
in addition to the ongoing study in osteoarthritis pain of the knee, Triumph 4, from which we
expect results later this year. We are excited to announce plans to initiate a phase three study
in high risk metabolic dysfunction associated stiotic, stiototic, liver disease, or muscle D,
later this year. This trial includes both Retruchide and Triumph hepatitis, and it will utilize
non-invasive tests to enroll patients who are at high risk of major adverse liver outcomes.
With a primary objective of reducing the occurrence of such outcomes, this novel trial design
more closely mirrors how physicians diagnose this disease in clinical practice, and will enable
simultaneous development of both medicines each compared to placebo. In a prior phase two trial and
muscle D, Retruchide reduced liver fat by over 80 percent, and in a phase two trial and mash,
to his appetite led to over half of patients meeting criteria for resolution of mash
without worsening of fibrosis. We believe each of these medicines has the potential to make a
profound impact on this disease, and we look forward to initiating this study later this year.
Moving to olomeracid, we started a phase three trial in un-resected adjuvant lung cancer.
This marks the fourth indication we are simultaneously adeously pursuing for olomeracid
in Keras G12C Mutant lung cancer as part of the Sunray 1 and Sunray 2 programs.
We believe olomeracid in combination with immunocology agents in an early setting could improve
the standard of care for patients with Keras G12C Mutant lung cancer. I'm also excited that through
business development we've added new molecules to our portfolio and new colleagues to our team
and it's a pleasure to welcome new team members from site one and verb to Lily this quarter.
With site one we added a new pain asset into our New York Science portfolio, STC 0404,
is a nav 1.8 inhibitor that's shown encouraging early data to treat pain. We believe this
molecule could be an important non-obioid therapy for pain in the future. Through the acquisition
of birth therapeutics we added several genetic medicines for cardiovascular disease that may only
need to be given once in a lifetime. The most advanced programs are verb 102 which targets PCSK9
and verb 201 which targets NHPTL3s. And in our early phase portfolio we advanced
NYSO tierestide our PYY and log agonist into a phase 2 trial in people with diabetes and we
initiated phase 1 clinical trials for glucose sensing insulin at PTK7 antibody drug conjugate in
oncology and an ex-generation triple agonist in cardiometabolic health. We also discontinued two phase
two programs, KB1.3 antagonists for psoriasis and mesisodide for pain. In two phase one programs
that are a conic thematic immunology and scapped SIRNA in mesh. It was a productive period since
our last turning skull and we still have an ambitious R&D agenda for the last five months of 2025.
I'll now turn the call back to Dave for some closing remarks. Thanks Dan. We're really pleased with
all the progress in Q2 across our strategic agenda. We've had another quarter of strong financial
results. We continued to build out of our manufacturing footprint and advanced our pipeline
as Dan just highlighted with external and internal R&D projects. We've good momentum as we
enter the second half of 2025 and we're focused on execution with our currently market products
and we're investing in the next wave of medicines that we expect will drive growth in the near
and more distant future. So now let me turn the call over to Mike to moderate a Q&A session.
Thanks Dave. We would like to make questions from as many policies possible so consistent with
product orders. We will respond to one question for caller and we'll end the call probably at
930. Please provide new instructions for the Q&A session and then we are ready for the first caller.
Certainly at this time we'll be conducting a question and answer session. If you have any questions
please press star one on your phone at this time. We asked that participants limit themselves to
one question on today's call. If you do have a follow up question please rejoin the Q by pressing
star one at any time. We also asked a while posting your question you please pick up your handset
if listing on speakerphone to provide optimum sound quality. Please hold while we pull for questions.
And the first question today is coming from Chris Shot from JP Morgan. Chris your line is live.
Great thanks so much for the question. Just wanted to kick off with or for Glippron.
This obviously a bit of a debate out there this morning on the weight loss profile you're showing
for the product which clearly looks efficacious but maybe a touch below will gov. Can you just
help put the data into context and just in general you're thinking of where orfo fits into the
treatment landscape versus a bano and gov now that you have these results in hand. Thanks so much.
Great thanks Chris. We'll go to Ken's answer the question about the orfo look for on profile.
Yeah thanks Chris for the question about orfo look for on really please for the data.
We've disclosed this morning really the idea that you can get 27 pounds of weight loss from a single pill
and also get really encouraging effects on other important biomarkers think that blood pressure,
lipids, inflammatory biomarkers and fasting glucose. Those are a lot of the things that
ECPs are really managing when they think about preventative care. Now you're getting that all from a
single oral pill but we can manufacture it scale. We also know that simplicity matters in this space
and the instructions for use here are going to be pretty simple. Take it once a day without regard
to food and water. Of course the data we're sharing today are in patients with overweight
obesity but we are evaluating a orfo look at in a lot of other settings that includes
other diseases like diabetes and obstructive sleep apnea and oenepane. We're also evaluating
in other contexts will treatment of obesity. Right now we have the attain of maintain study
on going which is also testing orfo lipron as a visitual maintenance therapy for patients who
have lost weight on drugs like set down to see whether they can keep that weight off. So we
really see a wide ranging opportunity for orfo lipron and couldn't be more pleased with the
totality of the profile we disclose this morning. Excellent thanks Chris. Next question please.
The next question will be for Mishamus Fernandez from Guggenheim.
Mishamus, your line is live. Oh great, thanks so much for the question.
Mishamus is actually on pricing and pricing environment going forward. It's just hoping you
know Dave you could discuss a little bit more your views on the past for price with orfo
lipron and the growing number of assets coming to market. I think that's been probably the
number one overhang especially as it relates to the continued availability of compounding.
So you know just trying to get a better understanding of where you see price going
and maybe if you can provide some thoughts on compounding in that context and how you mean
team turns that the type compounding off market when it's being ignored with semi-glutide.
Thanks so much. Thanks, Jamus. Dave will go to you talk about the broader pricing
environment and potentially we've been in some compounding commentary. Okay, yeah, thanks, Jamus.
You know as we said compounding let me just deal with that first, you know we've always been
concerned about this because of the pace and safety risk that exists and you know every day
we get calls from patients concerned that they are getting ill on a medicine they think is ours
and it's not. This of course was allowed during drug shortage there's no drug shortage
and we really think that regulators and law enforcement officers in the US need to step up their game
to really eliminate this that's why we have an FDA and a structured regulatory process in the US
and so you know we want to see that in mostly because people are being harmed.
We see robust growth in the marketplace in the US 42% total in critical growth over last year
good sequential growth and of course Lily's growth is more than double that so we're the business
is fine but should people shouldn't be harmed. That said I think on pricing we've always
have a philosophy across all medicines including the thinker tends to price to value and given the
profile we present to consider offsetting other health care costs including medicines,
the value to the patient, the value in the economy as well and here with GLP1 and the thinker
and mechanisms we're seeing profound value frankly so we're noticing a difference in when we offer
consumer level pricing outside of insurance but inside of the health care system which is most of the
business you know we we think that will expect you know single digit erosion like we do other
chronic medications in net pricing while maintaining a value point on list that makes
good sense. That's not considering any new policy environment but that's that's our philosophy going
forward so as we have a suite of products with some with perhaps more value in patients with more complicated
obesity or those that maybe have less complicated obesity but medicines like or four different
on that could reach the masses of course we'll consider those factors in price setting at the list level
and then the net will find its level in negotiations and you can continue to expect
Lily to offer consumer level pricing as long as we have such a large hole in coverage in our
country for an important chronic disease like obesity that should be covered those are our
views on pricing. Thank you Dave, next question please. Next question will be from Jeff
from City Bank Jeff your line of life. Great morning guys thanks for the question
Dan on Orphag liperon you're looking at discontinuation rates it looks competitive for a team and
achieve but can you talk about how the the GI adverse event rates change over the course of the
studies and where they're common futures and on those with the highest adverse event rates obviously
thinking how this could play out from a commercial context. Thank you. Thanks Jeff, Dan
will go to you to talk about some of the Orpho as you have for a follow-up time. Yeah thanks Jeff
note no surprises in there did GI profile was as expected for a GLP one agonist which is to say
that most of the side effects occur early in the disease early in the treatment course or with
those escalations and and then they go down over time in terms of any specific patient characteristics
that predicted. I don't believe we saw that in the study nor have we seen that in prior studies
with the GLP one so but really but no no differences here that we we thought were nowhere the
versus monotherapy GLP one injectables. Great, thank you Dan, next question please.
Next question will be from Tim Anderson from Bank of America, Tim your line of life.
Thank you. I wanted to ask kind of a compounding question in a way I guess.
Tim Adian generics for Novo's flag retired. They're likely to launch in early 26 but the
given it can agree that it turns up a tide is a better product but you know won't this still
cause a lot of trouble in the market where there's a big cash page channel and where we already know
that patients are prove themselves as to be price sensitive and willing to use a lesser product
like a knockoffs the magnitude seems to me Canadian generics produced a replacement for that
compounding channel and they'll keep that headwind alive even if compounders get shut down
and we're talking about a product that will have gone through a regulatory review cycle
not by FDA but by another regulator. So with that launch six months away
is that a headwind that we should expect may continue next.
Okay, thanks, Tim, for the question on a Canadian generics impact. We'll go to Iliya,
Dan, to that one. Thanks for the question. Maybe I'll touch on what we're currently seeing in
US market and if you're looking at the self-payment market that what we're seeing in
dial performance and overall market is continuing to grow at rapid pace. We're seeing that are
offering with the file was set down in the profile that we have with set down is meeting a need
for patients, even in the context of noise whether you have compounded or
semi-embarned. You take a look at just a growth that we've seen in Q2. We've generated
over 1 million TRX in dial in Q2 and we've recently launched last week the highest doses of
file available for a setbound and we're continuing to see health in that market roughly 20% of
over TRX is coming from the cash payment market and continues to see strength overall both in
self-pay and in covered we're seeing around 65% share market and new therapy starts for
setbound overall. So we see health in the market and where's that bound provides and greater value.
Great, thanks, Iliya. We'll go to the next question please. The next question will be from Dave
Reisinger from Nuring Partners. Dave, you're lying aside. Yes, thanks very much. So I
I was hoping to better understand the evolution of U.S. employer coverage for anti-OBCD medicines
and the prospect. So my understanding is that coverage has been pretty flat on a net basis
over the last 18 months. Let's say since January of 24, meaning the net covered lives,
it has been flat-ish. If you can confirm that that's correct and then can you talk about the
outlook for the net change in U.S. employer coverage for anti-OBCD medicines over the next six
months or so for January of 26. Thanks very much. Great, thanks Dave for the question.
We'll go to Iliya to talk about as a progress in the depth bound employer coverage,
Iliya. Sure, thanks for the question, Dave. As we take a look at internal coverage,
it's important for us to grow coverage over time. What we've seen in different offerings across
the different plans and some are more complex than others and we've seen an increase overall
but it has been steady around 50 to 55% employer-option coverage at the same time.
We are seeing new benefit designs like, for instance, evermore a cap on out of pocket for employees
that make the prioritization or simplify and that may grow employer-optines over time that something
that we're working through. Our outlook is that as evidence grows and we find new ways and also
different plan designs are available to different employers that that will continue to.
Great, thank you, Iliya. We'll go to the next question, please.
The next question will be from Terrence Flynn from Morgan Stanley. Terrence your line of life.
Great, thanks for taking the questions, congrats on all the progress. Just wondering on
Orphaglipron and why do the attain one data if you can just frame expectations for us
down for the upcoming attain two, phase three data and then any early insights into the
potential CMMI obesity, Medicare, Medicaid, pilot, but I think we saw some press reports about.
Thank you. Thank you for that. We'll go to the Ken Stanley question and
expectations for attain two. Thanks Terrence for the question on attain two.
You know, we're very pleased with what we disclose this morning in attain one which is
our first phase three study obesity without diabetes. And of course, so we had a great result
with a cheap one in patients with diabetes. So as we look ahead to attain two, we expect similar
the encouraging results. The exciting thing about attain two is that we are third phase three study.
And it sets us up to submit an obesity by the end of this year. So really no change in
expectations here. The Ken's full speed ahead preparing for submission by year end in a potential
approval next year. Great. And if you're not back in the Q Terrence, we'll see if there's time for
your second one. Next question, please. The next question will be from Courtney Green from
Bernstein. Courtney, your line is live. Thank so much for taking the question today.
Just coming back to another question on also, as we looked at kind of comparing the data
between attain one and achieve one, we do see that kind of nausea, vomiting, constipation,
all appear a bit higher in this achieve one study. Can you talk a little bit about
the differences in those data points that we're seeing between those two studies? And what that
might mean for adherence in the real world. Thank you. Good. Courtney, thanks for the question
on the comparing that you've versus attain. I think that may be a couple of quick comments. Yeah,
sure. Thanks, Courtney. I think the side effect profile in both of these trials was consistent with
past experience for GP1 monotherapy in these populations, which are different. As you're pointing
out, the side effect profiles can be different. People would take two diabetes versus people without
tech two diabetes and with obesity to it. I think we feel quite confident overall about the profile
here. Of course, I think it just emphasized once again, this is a GLP1 monotherapy. We know that
dual agonism with GLP1 and GIP1 can offer superior results that we have that as an injectable
as there's appetite. But I think actually, this is as good as it gets for GLP1 monotherapy here
in the ones that are a small molecule or also a pretty excited with the profile.
Great. Thanks, Anna. Next question, please. The next question will be from Mohit Ponceau
from Wells Fargo. Mohit your line of life. Great. Thank you very much for taking my question.
I will. Dennis, if you could comment on that on the agenda split and also different study,
if there was any difference versus any other trials for GLP1 that you would want to highlight here.
Thank you. Thanks Mohit for the detailed questions. We'll go to Candace talk about the gender split.
There's anything to flag? I think so. Gender split for baseline population in a team one was about
64% across the world well balanced across our 64% female across all arms balance, nothing really
to remark on here. Thanks. Next question, please. The next question will be from a side
hider from Goldman Sachs, a side of your line of life. Great. Thanks for taking the question and
congrats on the quarter. Just go and back to channel dynamics on the Lily direct channel. Clearly,
that bond growth has been getting a lot of momentum with the new to brand prescriptions.
Where do you think this could stabilize and how is that segment changing the landscape on pricing and
then related? I think Lucas, you've previously framed this DTC offering for Zeppard as a hedge or
bridge solution as you continue to grow access in the green bus channel. So any evolution in your
thinking on that front given DTC offerings and now getting framed as one way to satisfy
the administration's demands on drug pricing. Thank you. Okay. Thanks for the question this
Lucas, you want to get some comments area on the Lily direct solution and other from Erics?
Yeah, sure. Thank you so much for your question. First of all, I just want to invite
the great products that we see in Lily direct. I think Lily, I'll do a little about total TLS
prescription that we've seen in the second quarter, 1.1 million DGRX. Fantastic growth. And now
we are adding the 12.5 and 15 milligrams launch as well. So great progress that we have seen
you see that data as well that you have access aside in terms of the number of total DRX
as a percentage of the total Zeppard business. So progress in very nicely, very pleased with that.
You mentioned about again the hedge, yes. I showed that with you a time ago and that's the
way that we think about it going back to the previous questions about employer as we see that
progressing. We always thought that it would be a gradual progression on the employer access. We see
the Lily direct as an option to bridge that right as a hedge strategy to bridge that. So
we still see the same way, but it's progressing very nicely and it's growing very easily.
It's I've truly contributing to our performance this quarter and for the rest of the year as well.
So that's more more of the commentary and the color that we can provide today on that.
Great. Thank you, Lucas. Next question, please. Next question will be from Umeraphat from Evercore,
Umeraphat from Evercore, Umeraphat from Evercore. I'm just still trying to get my head around the
Orphoglyphron data. On the one side I see your efficacy estimate at 11 and a half percent placebo
adjusted being very consistent with what Noble showed with their oral sema data in Oasis 4.
But on the more important ITT like treatment estimate orphos tracking at 9 percent placebo adjusted,
oral sema is almost 14 percent placebo adjusted. And I'm just trying to understand what explains
that Delta and does it prompt the need for a 45 milligram cohort considering how
the safety is tracking?
Thanks.
We'll go to dance and provide maybe some final commentary on the same.
Yeah, thank you very much.
I'm not sure.
I tracked exactly with your numbers.
But look, I think overall the profile here landed pretty much where you could expect
a GLP1 monotherapy to land.
It's tough to compare different trials done at different time periods.
Different populations.
But I think overall, given the patients we enrolled in the trial program, this is what
GLP1 agonism can give you.
I don't see this as any issue at all in the real world or in for patients or
their doctors that I know of all street does kind of focused on these act numbers here
and making cross trial comparisons.
But I don't think that carries over to the real world at all.
Great.
Thank you, Dan.
Next question, please.
Next question, we'll be from Steve Scott from TD Town.
Steve.
Oh, thank you so much.
With what is widely viewed as disappointing or for GLP1 data, it seems injectables are
where it's at for their foreseeable future.
On the Q1 call, Lily said the likely impact of the Novo deal with CVS would be
modest, but today you are saying there could be an impact in Q3 and for Lily to call
it out in the per paragraph, it must be pretty meaningful.
So can you tell us what changed in the marketplace for the injectables?
Thank you.
Great Steve.
Thanks for the question.
There's a comment there on CBS.
We'll go to Ilya.
Sure.
Thanks Steve for the question.
As you take a look at Q2 performance and the health of both the market and
or is that found as deemed share and we added around 1.7 million TRX and Q2, they
overall impact.
They will discuss prior as a couple hundred thousand TRX volume that may vary.
It's still early in the transition to CBS, and obviously that creates frustration
for employers, for providers, for patients.
And we don't agree in disappointing the CBS decision.
At the same time, in terms of impact, you'll have some medical exceptions and overall
in the context of going 1.7 million TRX.
We view it and you look at July TRX as a boxy where it's on average.
It's back to around May average TRX.
We see continued growth and very good performance across all
segments for the step down, both in covered as well as our cash paid market.
And so we expect continued growth.
I think the commentary is more about the rate of growth.
So obviously some new patient starts related to CBS template only.
May have some impact on growth, but overall the growth is healthy across all other
segments.
Great.
Thank you, Ilya.
Next question, please.
The next question will be from Alex Hammond from Wolf Research.
Alex, your line of life.
Another one on Orphal Glipper on.
So I noticed you included the total discontinuation rates in the PR when you normally don't.
Did that suggest that you think there was an underlying driver of these,
unusually elevated dropper rates across all arms?
And could they have impacted efficacy?
Thanks Alex.
We'll go to Ken to talk about the inclusion of the overall discontinuation rates.
And now that may have been in some other pressures as well.
I think Alex for the question on discontinuation rates.
And what we disclosed, of course, with rate of discontinuation in attaining one
for placebo of 29.9 percent, and then for Orphal Glipper on ranging from 22 to
24 percent, we don't think there's anything remarkable there.
And we disclosed these information on previously programs.
I think I'm sure about one.
We did, you know, maybe to put this in a little bit of context.
If you look at analogous studies, you know, be seated.
You really placebo rates are in the 20s.
If you take maybe step one, 22 percent placebo rates.
So rate for discontinuation in about five points lower for active comparator.
That's exactly what we see here on a delta.
So really nothing remarkable here.
The more important thing to look at, you know, of course, patients can discontinue a study
for a whole host of reasons.
They can just withdraw their consent, does it?
Because it doesn't fit with their life.
Maybe they're not getting the efficacy and they need.
And that's why we typically see lower rates in the active drugs, which is what we see here.
Or an adverse event.
Now, the rates for adverse events, as Dan noted, range between five and 10 percent
for a full good run.
That's exactly where we'd expect to be for an oral,
a GOP one single agonist.
So really nothing remarkable here.
Great.
Thank you, Ken.
We'll go to the next question, please.
The next question will be from Akash Tauri from Jeffries.
Akash Tauri in the five.
Hey, thanks so much.
What's Lily's appetite to committing to launching new products at net parity pricing
between the US and Europe, given a significant amount of your newly launched products
in Europe are actually not getting reimbursed anyway.
And more broadly, it sounds like we're in a impact between the administration and the industry.
What's your confidence we be able to get kind of a bespoke solution with the administration?
Absent new legislation.
Thank you.
Great.
Thank you, Akash.
We'll go today to talk on the engagement demonstration and new product launch strategy.
Sure.
Yeah.
I mean, just on the discrete question, you're asking.
I think we believe long term, we should rebalance pricing between US and Europe in terms of who's bearing the cost
for really the amortized R&D and the risk we took.
That's a rational thing.
And it's, you know, in my career, gotten more and more out of whack.
So I think, you know, here's the presence right to call that out.
The question is really how.
And as you know, the European governments don't exactly,
they're not signing up to pay more for drugs.
So we need trade tools to rebalance that equation.
We've been very clear on that advocacy with both European and US governments.
And in US, we need to deflate the gross net bubble.
Because there's this huge artificial thing that needs to get deflated.
The problem of doing that suddenly is all those cash flows into hospitals and premium support for seniors and party.
etc.
You can't collapse at all.
It wanted to be very difficult to think.
So the idea of new products gives it sort of a ramp.
But we need these other structural changes on the US side and across the net environment.
In Europe, in terms of the total reimbursement set up to get there.
But we'd be excited to enter that world.
And actually I'll point out in a few cases.
You know, we are narrowing the gaps substantially on new products.
And some of that's for the reason you point out that some countries reimbursements just a tough equation.
So what's the point of lowering that?
So, you know, what's that space?
I think this is narrow.
There could be progress under the presence of gender.
And I think it's the most form of companies interested in moving in that direction.
The question is how do you step into it?
Great.
Thank you, Dave.
We've got time for probably two more quick questions.
The next question, please.
The next question will be from Terry Halford from Baronbrook.
Terry, your line of life.
Thank you.
Question from me, please, on the cash channel.
So yesterday, nervous stated it.
We'll make a Zambick available for each page.
And later this year.
Are you planning to do the same to Mungioro?
And if not, why not?
And I'm not sure if you mentioned this earlier.
But can you confirm whether you intend to use the cash channel for all for Glippron?
On that come to Mungioro.
Great.
Thanks, Gary, for the question.
We'll go to the comments on our thoughts on the cash channel.
Sure.
Well, first, I think we're learning a lot in the cash channel.
We'll be direct and a lot of that has to do with the consumer journey.
And it's the area across different segments of where you have significant coverage versus not.
With Mungioro, we have significant coverage, so over 90% coverage and commercial as well as party.
And so, not sure if that necessarily provides additional avenue.
With that bound, we see significant growth.
Because we do have coverage gaps in commercial.
And obviously, we also have coverage gaps without having the ability to cover and deal with these
situations in parties.
So we see this as an opportunity for us to need that need.
Of course, we'll evaluate either brands or we put through a little bit direct.
We have a number of avenues to come to the direct on different brands to make sure that people can access the healthcare system in a better way.
And so that's something we've all over time.
Great.
And the last question, please.
On the final question, there will be from Evan Seagerman from BMO Capital Markets.
Evan, your line of life.
Okay, thank you so much for taking my question.
I'll follow up on the MSN conversation.
You know, appreciating you're not going to share the details of your interaction with the administration.
But can you provide some practical examples of what you and the industry can do to help achieve the goals of getting price parity globally?
Thank you so much.
Thanks Evan.
We'll go to a day to answer the question and then provide the closing remarks.
Yeah, sure.
I don't have a lot to add to what I said to the prior question.
You know, I think long-term it makes sense to rebalance this.
And, you know, that having an on-ramp makes sense to me because the sudden change in either environment would be difficult to sustain or justify.
You know, the idea of new products is a reasonable proposition provided that the reimbursement rates in Europe can rise really based on, you know, cost for crawling analysis and other things.
And the US gross in that situation can change and eating into it seems to be, you know, rational thing to do.
The other piece which, you know, the DTC channel being suggested by the administration and for the prior question.
In addition to offering an outlet for people who don't have coverage, it does provide a kind of real price transparency to consumers and employers and others and that's a good thing.
So we support that as well.
We'll have to see how this plays out as I said, we're constructively engaging.
Hopefully some progress can be made.
And I think it's in the industry's long-term interest to kind of pull these things closer together and we'll work hard to try to do that.
Thanks for being with us today, everyone.
And for as many questions as we got to, I know there's always some we did not.
So as in prior quarters, if you have unresolved questions, please contact our IAR team.
And we appreciate your interest in the company as always and look forward to future interactions. Have a great day.
Thank you.
And ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude our conference for today.
This conference will be made available for replay beginning at one PM today, running through September 11th at midnight.
You may access the replay system at any time by dialing 8332 6854 and entering the access code 639732.
International callers can call 973 528005.
Again, those numbers are 8332 6854 and 973528005 with the access code 639732.
Thank you for your participation.
You may now disconnect your lines.