Greetings and welcome to the Microsoft Fiscal Year 206 second quarter earnings conference call.
At this time, all participants are an only mode. A question in the answer session will follow
the formal presentation. If anyone should require operator assistance, please press star zero
on your telephone keypad. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.
It is now my pleasure to introduce Jonathan Nielsen, Vice President of Vester Relations.
Please go ahead. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today. On the call with me,
I'll sat in a dela, chairman and chief executive officer, Amy Hood, chief financial officer,
Alice Joller, chief accounting officer, and chief doll of a corporate secretary and deputy general
counsel. On the Microsoft Investigation's website, you can find our earnings press release in
financial summary slide deck, which is intended to supplement to appropriate remarks during today's
call and provide the reconciliation of differences between gap and non-get financial measures.
More detailed out of the slide will be available on the Microsoft Investigation's website
when we provide help look commentary on today's call. On this call, we will discuss certain
non-get items. The non-get financial measures provided should not be considered as a substitute for,
or superior to the measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with gap.
They are included as additional clarifying items to age investors in further understanding the company's
second course of performance in addition to the impact these items in events have on the financial
results. All growth comparisons we make on the call today relate to the corresponding period of last
year unless otherwise noted. We will also provide growth rates in constant currency when available,
as a framework for assessing how our underlying businesses performed, excluding the effect of
foreign currency rate fluctuations. Where growth rates are the same in constant currency,
we will refer to the growth rate only. We will post our prepared remarks to our website
immediately following the call until the complete transcript is available. Today's call is being
webcast-like and recorded. If you ask a question, it will be included in our live transmission,
in the transcript, and in any future use of the recording. You can replay the call and view the
transcript on the Microsoft Investor Relations website. During this call, we will be making forward
looking statements, which are predictions, projections, or other statements about future events.
These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and
uncertainties. actual results could be theory differ because of factors discussed in today's
earnings press release in the comments majoring this conference call, and in the risk factor
section of our form 10K, forms 10Q, and other reports and filings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statement.
And with that, I'll turn the call over to Satya. Thank you very much, Jonathan. This quarter,
the Microsoft Cloud surpassed $50 billion in revenue for the first time. Up 26%
year, we are reflecting the strength of our platform and accelerating demand. We are in the
beginning phases of AI diffusion and its broad GDP impact. Our tambal grows substantially across
every layer of the tech stack as this diffusion accelerates and spreads. In fact, even in this early
earnings, we are built in AI business that is larger than some of our biggest franchises
that took decades to build. Today, I'll focus my remarks across the three layers of our stack,
Cloud and Token Factory, Agent Platform, and High Value Agentic Experiences. When it comes to our
Cloud and Token Factory, the key to long-term competitiveness is shaping our infrastructure to support
new high-scale workloads. We're building this infrastructure out for the heterogeneous and
distributed nature of these workloads, ensuring the right fit with the geographic and segment
specific needs for all customers, including the long-tail. The key metric we're optimizing for
is tokens per watt per dollar, which comes down to increasing utilization and decreasing TCO,
using silicon systems and software. A good example of this is the 50% increase in throughput.
We were able to achieve in one of our highest-walling workloads, opening AI in-francing,
powering our core pilots. Another example was the unlocking of new capabilities and efficiencies
for our fairwater data centers. In this instance, we connected both at Lantern, Wisconsin,
site through an AI land to build a first of its kind AI superfactory. Fairwater's two-story
design and liquid cooling allows to run higher GPU densities, and thereby improve both
performance and latencies for high-scale training. All up, we added nearly one gigawatt of total
capacity, this quarter alone. At the silicon layer, we have Nvidia and AMD and our own
Maya chips delivering the best all-up fleet performance costs and supply across multiple generations
of hardware. Earlier this week, we brought online our Maya 200 Accelerator. Maya 200 delivers
10 plus pedaflops at FB4 precision with over 30% improved TCO compared to the latest generation hardware
in our fleet. We will be scaling this study with influencing and synthetic data gen for our
superintelligence team as well as doing influencing for co-pilot and foundry.
And given AI workloads are not just about AI accelerators, but also consume large amounts of
compute. We are pleased with the progress we are making on the CPU side as well. Coval 200 is
another big leap forward delivering over 50% higher performance compared to our first customer
build processor for cloud-native workloads. Sovereignty is increasingly top of mind for customers,
and we are expanding our solutions in global footprint to match. We announced DC investments in
seven countries this quarter alone, supporting local data residency needs. And we offer the
most comprehensive set of sovereignty solutions across public, private and national partner clouds,
so customers can choose the right approach for each workload with the local control they require.
Next I want to talk about the agent platform. Like in every platform shift,
all software is being rewritten. A new app platform is being born. You can think of agents as the
new apps. And to build, deploy and manage agents, customers will need a model catalog,
tuning services, harness for orchestrations, services for context engineering, AI safety,
management, observability and security. It starts with having broad model choice. Our customers
expect to use multiple models as part of any workload that they can fine tune and optimize
based on cost, latency and performance requirements. And we offer the broadest selection of models
of any high-pascala. This quarter we added support for GPT-52 as well as cloud-45 already over
1,500 customers have used both anthropic and open AI models on foundry. We are seeing increasing
demand for region-specific models, including mistral and coherent as more customers look for
sovereign AI choices. And we continue to invest in our first party models, which are optimized
to address the highest value customer scenarios, such as productivity, coding and security.
As part of Foundry, we also give customers the ability to customize and fine tune models.
Increasingly, customers want to be able to capture the tacit knowledge they possess
inside of model weights as their core IP. This is probably the most important
sovereign consideration for firms as AI diffuses more broadly across our GDP and every firm
needs to protect their enterprise value. For agents to be effective, they need to be grounded
in enterprise data and knowledge. That means connecting their agents to systems of record and
operational data and analytical data as well as semi-structured and unstructured productivity
and communications data. And this is what we are doing with our unified IQ layer,
spanning fabric, foundry and data powering Microsoft 365. In the world of context engineering,
foundry knowledge and fabric are gaining momentum. Foundry knowledge delivers better context
with automated source routing and advanced agentic retrieval while respecting user permissions.
And fabric brings together end-to-end operational real-time and analytical data.
Two years since it became broadly available, fabrics annual revenue run rate is now over $2 billion
with over 31,000 customers. And it continues to be the fastest growing analytics platform on the
market with revenue up 60% year-of-year. All up the number of customers spending $1 million
plus per quarter on foundry grew nearly 80% driven by strong growth in every industry. And over
250 customers are on track to process over 1 trillion tokens on foundry this year. There are many
great examples of customers using all of this capability on foundry to build their own agentic
systems. Alaska Airlines is creating natural language flight search. BMW is speeding up design
cycles. Landolakes is enabling precision farming for crop members. And symphony AI is addressing
bottlenecks in the CPG industry. And of course foundry remains a powerful on-dram for the entire cloud.
The vast majority of foundry customers use additional Azure solutions like developer services,
app services, databases as they scale. Beyond fabric and foundry, we're also addressing
agent-building by knowledge workers with co-pilot, studio and agent builder. Over 80% of the
Fortune 500 have active agents built using these low-code no-code tools. As agents proliferate,
every customer will need new ways to deploy, manage and protect them. We believe this creates a
major new category and significant growth opportunity for us. This quarter, we introduced agent
365 which makes it easy for organizations to extend their existing governance, identity,
security, and management to agents. That means the same controls they already use across
Microsoft 365 and Azure now extend to agents they build and deploy on our cloud or any other cloud.
And partners like Adobe, Databricks, GenSpark, Glean and video SAP service now and work
day are already integrating agent 365. We are the first provided off of the start of agent
control plan across clouds. Now let's turn to the high-value agentic experiences we are building.
AI experiences are intent driven and are beginning to work at task scope. We are entering an age
of macro delegation and micro-steering across domains. Intelligence using multiple models is built
into multiple form factors. You see this in chat, in new agent inbox apps, co-workers, scaffoldings,
agent workflows embedded in applications and IDs that are used every day or even in our
command line with file system access and skills. That's the approach we are taking with our first
body family of co-paralleled spanning key domains. In consumer for example co-paralleled experiences
span chat, news, feed, search, creation, browsing, shopping and integrations into the operating
system and it's gaining momentum. Daily users of our co-paralleled app increase nearly three
acts year over year and with co-paralleled checkout we are partnered with PayPal Shopify and Stripes
or customers can make purchases directly within the app. With Microsoft 365 co-paralleled,
we are focused on organization wide productivity. Work IQ takes the data underneath Microsoft 365
and creates the most valuable stateful agent for every organization. It delivers powerful reasoning
capabilities over people, their roles, their artifacts, their communications and their history and
memory all within an organization security boundary. Microsoft 365 co-paralleled accuracy and latency
powered by work IQ is unmatched, delivering faster and more accurate work grounded results
than competition. And we have seen our biggest quarter of a quarter improvement in response
quality to date. This is driven record usage intensity with average number of conversations
per user doubling year over year. Microsoft 365 co-paralleled also is becoming truly daily habit
with daily active users increasing 10X year over year. We're also seeing strong momentum with
researcher agent which supports both OpenAI and Claude as well as agent mode in Excel,
PowerPoint and Word. All up it was a record quarter for Microsoft 365 co-paralleled
seat ads up over 160% year over year. We saw accelerating seed growth quarter over quarter and now
have 15 million paid Microsoft 365 co-paralleled seats and multiples more enterprise chat users.
And we're seeing larger commercial deployments. The number of customers with over 35,000
seats triple year over year. Pfizer, ING, NASA, University of Kentucky, University of Manchester,
US, Department of Interior, and Westback all purchased over 35,000 seats.
Publices alone purchased over 95,000 seats for nearly all its employees. We're also taking
in dynamics 365 with built in agents across the entire suite. A great example of this is how
visa is turning customer conversations data into knowledge articles with our customer knowledge
management agent and dynamics. And how standard is using our sales qualification agent to
automate lead qualification across tens and thousands of potential customers. In coding,
we are seeing strong growth across all paid GitHub co-paralleled co-paralleled pro-plus subs
for individual devs increase 77% quarter over quarter and all up now we have 4.7 million paid
co-paralleled subscribers up 75% year over year. Seemance, for example, is going all in on
GitHub adopting the full platform to increase developer productivity after a successful co-paralleled
rollout to 30,000 plus developers. GitHub agent HQ is the organizing layer for all coding agents
like anthropic, open AI, Google, cognition, and XAI in the context of customers get up repos.
With co-paralleled CLI and VS Code, we offer developers the full spectrum of form factors and models
they need for AI first coding workflows. And when you add work IQ as a skill or an MCP to our
developer workflow, it's a game changer, so facing more context like emails, meetings,
docs, projects, messages and more, you can simply ask the agent to plan and execute changes
to your code base based on an update to a spec and SharePoint or using the transcript of your
last engineering and design meeting in Teams. And we're going beyond that with GitHub co-paralleled
SDK, developers can now embed the same runtime behind co-paralleled CLI, multi-model, multi-step planning,
tools, MCP integration, auth, streaming, directly into their applications. In security,
we added a dozen new and updated security co-paralleled agents across Defender, Entra,
Intune, and Pervube. For example, I-SERT is a SOC team used security co-paralleled agent to reduce
manual triage time by 75%, which is a real game changer in an industry facing a severe talent shortage.
To make it easier for security teams to onboard, we are rolling out security co-paralleled
to all our E5 customers and our security solutions are also becoming essential to manage organizations
AI deployments. 24 billion co-paralleled interactions were audited by Pervube this quarter up
9x year over year. Finally, I want to talk about two additional high-impact agent experiences.
First in health care, Dragon co-paralleled is the leader in its category helping over 100,000
medical providers automate their workflows. Mount Sinai Health is now moving to a system-wide
Dragon co-paralleled deployment for providers after a successful trial with its primary care
physicians. All up we help document 21 million patient encounters this quarter up 3x year over year.
And second, when it comes to science and engineering, companies like Unilever and Consumer
Goods and Synopsis and EDA are using Microsoft Discovery to orchestrate specialised agents
for R&D and to end. They are able to reason over scientific literature and internal knowledge
formulate hypotheses, spin-up simulations, and continuously iterate to drive new discoveries.
Beyond AI, we continue to invest in all our core franchises and meet the needs of our customers
in partners and we are seeing strong progress. For example, when it comes to cloud
migrations, our new sequel server has over 2x the IAS adoption of the previous version.
In security, we now have 1.6 million security customers including over a million who use 4 or more
of our workloads. Windows reached a big milestone, 1 billion Windows 11 users up over 45%
year over year. And we had share games this quarter across Windows, Edge and Bing. Double digit
member growth in LinkedIn with 30% growth in paid video ads. And in gaming, we are committed to delivering
great games across Xbox PC cloud and every other device and we saw record PC players and paid
streaming hours on Xbox. In closing, we feel very good about how we are delivering for customers
today in building the full stack to capture the opportunity ahead. With that, let me turn it
over to Amy to walk through our financial results and outlook and I look forward to rejoining
for your questions. Thank you, Satya and good afternoon everyone. With growing demand for our offerings
and focused execution by our sales teams, we again, exceeded expectations across revenue,
operating income, and earnings per share. While investing to fuel long-term growth,
this quarter revenue was $81.3 billion, up $17% and 15% cost in currency.
Growth margin dollars increased 16% and 14% in constant currency, while operating income increased
21% and 19% in constant currency. earnings per share was $4.14 and increased of 24 and 21%
in constant currency, when adjusted for the impact from our investment in open AI. And FX increased
reported results slightly less than expected, particularly in intelligent cloud revenue.
Company growth margin percentage was 68% down slightly year over year,
primarily driven by continued investments in AI infrastructure and growing AI product usage
that was partially offset by ongoing efficiency gains, particularly in Azure and Empress 65
Commercial Cloud, as well as sales mixed shift to higher margin businesses.
Operating expenses increased 5% and 4% in constant currency, driven by R&D investments
in compute capacity and AI talent, as well as impairment charges in our gaming business.
Operating margins increased year over year to 47% ahead of expectations. As a reminder,
we still account for our investment in open AI under the equity method. And as a result of opening
AI's recapitalization, we now record gains or losses based on our share of the change in their
net assets on their balance sheet, as opposed to our share of their operating profit or losses
from their income statement. Therefore, we recorded a game which drove other income and expense
to $10 billion in our gap results. When adjusted for the opening I impact, other income and
expense was slightly negative and lower than expected, driven by net losses on investments.
Capital expenditures were $37.5 billion in this quarter, roughly two thirds of our
capex was on short-lived assets, primarily GPUs and CPUs. Our customer demand continues to exceed
our supply. Therefore, we must balance the need to have our incoming supply, better meet growing
Azure demand, with expanding first-party AI usage across services like M365 Copilot and GitHub Copilot,
increasing allocations to our D-teams to accelerate product innovation, and continued replacement
of end-of-life server and networking equipment. The remaining spend was for long-lived assets
that will support monetization for the next 15 years and beyond. This quarter, total financial
lists were $6.7 billion and were primarily for large is-center sites. And cash paid for PPNE
was $29.9 billion. Cash flow of operations was $35.8 billion, up 60% driven by strong cloud
billings and collections. And free cash flow was $5.9 billion and decreased sequentially,
reflecting the higher cash capital expenditures from a lower mix of finance leases. And finally,
we return $12.7 billion to share holders through dividend and share purchases and increase
of 32% year over year. Now to our commercial results. Commercial bookings increased 230% and
228% in constant currency, driven by the previously announced large Azure commitment from OpenAI,
there reflects multi-year demand needs, as well as the previously announced anthropic commitment from
November, and healthy growth across our core annuity sales motions. Commercial remaining
performance obligation, which continues to be reported net of reserves, increased to $625 billion,
and was up 110% year over year with a weighted average duration of approximately two and a half
years. Roughly 25% will be recognized in revenue in the next 12 months, up 39% year over year.
The remaining portion recognized beyond the next 12 months increased 156%. Approximately 45%
of our commercial RPO balance is from OpenAI. The significant remaining balance grew 28%
and reflects ongoing broad customer demand across the portfolio. Microsoft Cloud revenue
was $51.5 billion, and grew 26% to 24% in constant currency. Microsoft Cloud grows margin
percentage was slightly better than expected at 67% and down year over year due to continued investments
in AI that were partially offset by ongoing efficiency gains noted earlier. Now to our segment results.
Revenue from productivity and business processes was $34.1 billion and grew 16% and 14% in
constant currency. M365 commercial cloud revenue increased 17% and 14% in constant currency
with consistent execution in the core business and increasing contribution from strong
co-pilot results. RPO growth was again led by E5 and M365 co-pilot and paid M365 commercial
seats grew 6% year over year to over 450 million with installed basic expansion across all
customer segments, though primarily in our small and medium business and frontline worker offerings.
M365 commercial products revenue increased 13% and 10% in constant currency ahead of expectations
due to higher than expected office 2024 transactional purchasing. M365 consumer cloud revenue
increased 29% and 27% in constant currency again driven by RPO growth. M365 consumer subscriptions
grew 6%. LinkedIn revenue increased 11% and 10% in constant currency driven by marketing solutions.
The NAMIC365 revenue increased 19% and 17% in constant currency with continued growth
across all workloads. Segment grows margin dollars increased 17% and 15% in constant currency
and grows margin percentage increased. Again driven by efficiency gains at M365 commercial cloud
that were partially offset by continued investments in AI, including the impact of growing
co-pilot usage. Operating expenses increased 6% and 5% in constant currency and operating income
increased 22% and 19% in constant currency. Operating margins increased year over year to 60%
driven by improved operating leverage as well as the higher gross margins noted earlier.
Next the intelligent cloud segment revenue was $32.9 billion and grew 29% and 28% in constant
currency. In Azure and other cloud services revenue grew 39% and 38% in constant currency
slightly ahead of expectations with ongoing efficiency gains across our fundgable fleet
enabling us to reallocate some capacity to Azure that was monetized in the quarter.
As mentioned earlier, we continued to see strong demand across workloads,
customer segments and geographic regions and demand continues to exceed available supply.
In our on-premises server business revenue increased 2% and 1% in constant currency ahead of
expectations driven by demand for our hybrid solutions including a benefit from the launch of
SQL Server 2025 as well as higher transactional purchasing ahead of memory price increases.
Segment gross margin dollars increased 20% and 19% in constant currency.
Gross margin percentage decreased year over year driven by continued investments in AI and
sales mixed shift to Azure partially offset by efficiency gains in Azure.
Operating expenses increased 3% and 2% in constant currency and operating income grew 28%
and 27% in constant currency. Operating margins were 42% down slightly over year as increased
investments in AI were mostly offset by improved operating leverage.
Now to more personal computing revenue was 14.3 billion dollars and declined 3%
Windows OEM and devices revenue increased 1% and was relatively unchanged in constant currency.
Windows OEM grew 5% with strong execution as well as a continued benefit from Windows 10 and
of support. Results were ahead of expectations as inventory levels remained elevated
with increased purchasing ahead of memory price increases. Searching news advertising revenue
XTAC increased 10% and 9% in constant currency is fully below expectations driven by some
execution challenges. As expected the sequential growth rate moderated as the benefit from third
party partnerships normalized and in gaming revenue decreased 9% and 10% in constant currency.
Xbox content and services revenue decreased 5% and 6% in constant currency and was below
expectations driven by first party content with impact across the platform.
Seidment grows margin dollars increased 2% and 1% in constant currency and gross margin
percentage increased year over year driven by sales mixed shift to higher margin businesses.
Operating expenses increased 6% and 5% in constant currency driven by the
impairment charges in our gaming business noted earlier as well as our investments in
compute capacity and AI talent. Operating income decreased 3% and 4% in constant currency and operating
margins were relatively unchanged over year at 27%. As higher operating expenses were mostly offset
by higher gross margins. Now moving to our Q3 outlook which in less specifically noted otherwise
is on a US dollar basis. Based on cart rates we expect FX to increase total revenue growth
by 3 points. Within the segments we expect FX to increase revenue growth by 4 points in productivity
and business processes and 2 points in intelligent cloud and more personal computing. We expect FX
to increase cogs and operating expense growth by 2 points. As a reminder this impact is due to the
exchange rates a year ago. Starting with the total company. We expect revenue of 80.65 to 81.75
billion US dollars are growth of 15 to 17% with continued strong growth across our commercial
businesses partially offset by our consumer businesses. We expect cogs of 26.65 to 26.85
billion US dollars or growth of 22 to 23%. An operating expense of 17.8 to 17.9 billion US dollars
are growth of 10 to 11% driven by continued investment in R&D AI compute capacity and talent
against a low prior your comparable. Operating margins should be down slightly year over year.
Excluding any impact from our investments in open AI other income and expense is expected to be
roughly $700 million driven by a fair market game in our equity portfolio and interest income
partially offset by interest expense which includes the interest payments related to data center
finance leases. And we expect our adjusted Q3 effect of tax rate to be approximately 19%.
Next we expect capital expenditures to decrease auto sequential basis due to the normal
variability from cloud infrastructure buildouts and the timing of delivery of finance leases.
As we work to close the gap between demand and supply, we expect the mix of short-lived assets
to remain similar to Q2. Now, our commercial business. In commercial bookings, we expect healthy
growth in the core business on a growing export base when adjusted for the opening eye contracts
in the prior year. As a reminder, the significant opening eye contract signed in Q2 represents multi-year
demand needs from them, which will result in some quarterly volatility in both bookings and
RPO growth rates going forward. Microsoft cloud growth margin percentage should be roughly 65%
down year over year driven by continued investments in AI. Now, it's segment guidance. In productivity
in business processes, we expect revenue of $34.25 to $34.55 billion or growth of $14 to 15%.
In M365 commercial cloud, we expect revenue growth to be between 13 and 14% in constant currency
with continued stability and year over year growth rates on a large and expanding base.
Accelerating co-pilot momentum and ongoing E-5 adoption will again drive RPO growth.
M365 commercial products revenue should decline in the low single digits down sequentially,
assuming office 2024 transactional purchasing trends normalize as a reminder.
M365 commercial products include components that can be variable due to in period revenue recognition
dynamics. M365 consumer cloud revenue growth should be in the mid to high 20% range
driven by growth at RPO, as well as continued subscription volume.
For LinkedIn, we expect revenue growth to be in the low double digits. And in dynamics 365,
we expect revenue growth to be in the high teens, with continued growth across all workloads.
For intelligent cloud, we expect revenue of $34.1 to $34.4 billion or growth of $27 to $29
per cent. In Azure, we expect Q3 revenue growth to be between 37 and 38% in constant currency
against a prior year comparable that included significantly accelerating growth rates in both Q3 and Q4.
As mentioned earlier, demand continues to exceed supply. And we will need to continue to balance
the incoming supply we can allocate here against other priorities. As a reminder,
there can be quarterly variability and year on your growth rates depending on the timing of
capacity delivery and when it comes online, as well as from in period revenue recognition,
depending on the mix of contracts. In our on-premise to server business, we expect revenue
to decline in the low single digits as growth rate. Normalize, fund the launch of SQL Server
2025, though increased memory pricing could create additional volatility in transactional purchasing.
In our personal computing, we expect revenue to be 12.3 to 12.8 billion US dollars.
Windows OEM and devices revenue should decline in the low teens. Growth rates will be impacted
as the benefit from Windows 10 into support normalizes, and as elevated inventory levels come down
through the quarter. Therefore, Windows OEM revenue should decline roughly 10%. The range of
potential outcomes remains wider than normal. In part, due to the potential impact on the PC market
from increased memory pricing. Search and news advertising extract revenue growth should be in the
high single digits. Even as we work to improve execution, we expect continued share gains across
being and edge with growth driven by volume. And we expect sequential growth moderation.
As the contribution from third-party partnerships continues to normalize,
and an Xbox content and services we expect revenue to decline in the mid-single digits
against a prior year comparable that benefited from strong content performance,
partially offset by growth in Xbox Game Pass, and hardware revenue should decline your over
year. Now, some additional thoughts on the rest of the fiscal year and beyond. First, FX.
Based on current rates, we expect FX to increase Q4 total revenue and cogs growth by less than
one point, with no impact to operating expense growth. Within the segments, we expect FX to increase
revenue growth by roughly one point in productivity and business process is a more personal computing,
and less than one point in intelligent cloud. With the strong work delivered in H1 to prioritize
investment and key growth areas and the favorable impact from a higher mix of revenue in our
Windows OEM and commercial on-prem businesses, we now expect FX-26 operating margins to be up slightly.
We mentioned the potential impact on Windows OEM and on-premises server markets
from increased memory pricing earlier. In addition, rising memory prices would impact capital expenditures,
though the impact on Microsoft cloud growth margins will build more gradually as these assets
depreciate over six years. In closing, we delivered strong top-line growth in H1 and are investing
across every layer of the stack to continue to deliver high value solutions and tools to our customers.
With that, let's go to Q&A Jonathan. Thanks Amy. We'll now move over to Q&A.
Outer respects others on the call. We request the participants. Please only ask one question.
Operator, can you please repeat your instructions?
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, if you would like to ask a question,
please press star 1 on your telephone keypad and a confirmation terminal indicate your line
is in the question queue. You may press star 2 if you would like to remove your question from the queue.
For participants using speaker equipment and may be necessary to pick up your handset
before pressing the star keys. And our first question comes from the line of Keith Weiss
with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed. I want to thank you guys for taking the question.
I'm looking at a Microsoft print where earnings is growing 24% near on-year,
which is a spectacular result. Great execution on your part. Top line drawing will,
margins, expand it, but I'm looking at effort of trading and the stock is still down.
And I think one of the core issues that is weighing on investors is cat backs and growing faster
than we expected and maybe as you're growing a little bit slower than we expected. And I think that
fundamentally comes down to a concern on the ROI on this cat backs stand over time.
So I was hoping you guys could help us fill in some of the blanks a little bit in terms of
how should we think about capacity expansion and what that can yield in terms of algebra
growth going forward. But more to the point, how should we think about the ROI on this investment
as it comes to fruition? Thanks, guys. Thanks, Keith. And let me start and stop here.
I can add some broader comments. I'm sure I think the first thing, thank you really
asked a very direct correlation that I do think many investors were doing, which is between the
cat backs send and seeing an Azure revenue number. And we tried last quarter and I think, again,
this quarter to talk more specifically about all the places that the cat backs send, especially
the short-lived cat backs send across CPU and GPU and where that'll show up. Sometimes I think it's
probably better to think about the Azure guidance that we give as an allocated capacity guide
about what we can deliver in Azure revenue. Because as we spend the capital and put GPUs
specifically, it applies to CPUs, but GPUs more specifically, we're really making long-term decisions.
And the first thing we're doing is solving for the increased usage in sales and the accelerating
pace than for 65 co-pilot, as well as GitHub co-pilot or first-party apps. Then we make sure
we're investing in the long-term nature of R&D and product innovation. And much of the acceleration
that I think you've seen from us and products over the past a bit is coming because we are allocating
GPUs and capacity to many of the talented AI people we've been hiring over the past years.
Then when you end up with the remainder going towards serving the Azure capacity that continues
to grow in terms of demand. And I'll wait to think about it because I think I guess this question
sometimes is if I had taken the GPUs that just came online into wanting to, in terms of GPUs
and allocated them all to Azure, the KPI would have been over 40. And I think the most important
thing to realize is that this is about investing in all the layers of the stack that benefit customers.
And I think that's hopefully helpful in terms of thinking about capital grows, it shows in every
piece, it shows in revenue growth across the business and shows as OPEC's growth as the
investment are people. Yeah, I think you covered it, but basically as an investor, I think when you
think about our capital and you think about the GM profile of our portfolio, you should obviously
think about Azure, but you should think about M365 co-pilot and you should think about
GitHub co-pilot, you should think about Dragon co-pilot, security co-pilot, all of those have a GM profile
in a lifetime value. I mean, if you think about it acquiring an Azure customer super important to us,
but so it's acquiring an M365 or a GitHub or a Dragon co-pilot, which are all by the way incremental
businesses and dams for us. And so we don't want to maximize just one business of hours,
we want to be able to allocate capacity while we're sort of supply constrained in a way that allows
to essentially build the best LTV portfolio. That's on one side and the other one that Amy mentioned
is also R&D. I mean, you got to think about compute is also R&D and that's sort of the second element
of it. And so we're using all of that, obviously, to optimize for the long-term.
Nice one, thank you. Thanks Kate. Operator, next question please.
The next question comes from the line of Mark Mordler with Bernstein research. Please proceed.
Thank you very much for taking my question. Thank congrats on the quarter. One of the other
questions we believe investors want to understand is how to think about your line of sight from hardware
capex investment to revenue in margins. You capitalize servers over six years, but the average
duration of your RPO is two and a half years from two years last quarter. How do investors get
comfortable that since this is a lot of this capex is AI centric that you'll be able to capture
sufficient revenue over the six year use of life. But the hardware delivers solid revenue
in gross profit dollars growth. Hopefully one similar to the CPU revenue. Thank you.
Thanks Mark. Let me just start with at a high level and if I think you can add as well.
I think when you think about average duration, I think what you're getting to is and we
need to remember is that average duration is a combination of a broad set of contract arrangements
that we have. A lot of them around things like m365 or a design portfolio are sort of dated
right three-year contracts and so they have quite frankly a short duration. The majority then
that's remaining are Azure contracts that are longer duration and you saw that this quarter when
we saw the extension of that duration from around two years to two and a half and the way to think
about that is the majority of the capital that we're spending today and a lot of the GPUs that
we're buying are already contracted for most of their useful life. And so a way to think about that
is much of that risk that I think you're pointing to isn't there because they're already sold
for the entirety of their useful life. And so part of it exists because you have this short
shorter dated RPO because of some of the M365 stuff. I feel like that the Azure only RPO is a little
bit more extended. A lot of that is CPU basis. It's not just GPU and on the GPU contracts that we've
talked about including for some of our largest customers, those are sold for the entire useful
life of the GPU. And so there's not the risk to which I think you may be referring. Hopefully that's
helpful. Yeah, just one of the things I'd add to it is in addition to sort of what Amy mentioned
which is it's already contracted for the useful life is we do use software to continuously
run even the latest models on the fleet that is aging if you will. So that's sort of what gives us
that duration. And so at the end of the day we want to have that's why we even think about
aging the fleet constantly. So it's not about buying a whole lot of give one year. It's about
each year. You write the Moore's Law. You add you use software and then you optimize across all of it.
And Mark, maybe to state this in case it's not obvious. So that as you go through the useful life,
actually you get more and more and more efficient as delivery. So where you sold the entirety of
it's like the margins actually improves with time. And so I think that may be a good reminder
to people as we see that obviously in the CPU fleet all the time. That's a great answer. I really
appreciate it. Thank you. Thanks, Mark. Operate the next question please.
The next question comes from the line of Brett Thill with Jeffrey. Please proceed.
Thanks Amy on 45% of the backlog being related to OpenAI. I'm curious if you can
comment. There's obviously concern about the durability and I know maybe there's not much
you can say in this but I think everyone's concerned about the exposure and if you could maybe
talk through your perspective and what both you and sought to hear seen.
I think maybe I would have thought about the question quite differently. Brett. The first thing to
focus on is the reason we talked about that number is because 55% or roughly $350 billion is related to
the breadth of our portfolio of breadth of customers across solutions, across Azure, across industries,
across geographies. That is a significant RPO balance larger than most peers, more diversified than
most peers. And frankly I think we have super high confidence in it. And when you think about
that portion, along rowing 28%, it's really impressive work on the breadth as well as the adoption
curve that we're seeing, which I think will I get asked most frequently. It's grown by customer segment,
by industry and by GEP. And so it's very consistent. And so then if you're asking about how
do I feel about OpenAI and the contract and the health, listen, it's a great partnership.
We continue to be their provider of scale. We're excited to do that. We sit under one of the most
successful businesses built. And we continue to build quite good about that. It's allowed us to remain
a leader in terms of what we're building and being on the cutting edge of app innovation.
Thanks, Brent. All right, the next question, please.
The next question comes from the line of Carl Kiersted with UBS. Please proceed.
OK, thank you very much. Up to the need, regardless of how you allocate the capacity between
first party and third party. And you come as qualitatively on the amount of capacity that
I was coming on. I think the one gigawatt added in the December quarter was extraordinary. And
hints that the capacity ads are accelerating. But I think a lot of investors have their eyes on
fair water Atlanta, fair water Wisconsin, and would love some comments about magnitude of
the capacity ads, regardless of how they're allocated in the coming quarter. Thank you.
Yeah, chronic, we've set a couple of things. We're working as hard as we can to have
capacity as quickly as we can. You've mentioned specific sites like Atlanta or Wisconsin. Those are
multi-year deliveries. So I wouldn't focus necessarily on specific locations. The real thing we've
got to do and we're working incredibly hard doing it is adding capacity globally. A lot of that
will be added in the United States. You see, locations you've mentioned. But it also needs to be added
across the globe to meet the customer demand that we're seeing and the increase to usage.
You know, we'll continue to add both long lived infrastructure the way to think about that is
we need to make sure we've got power and land and facilities available. And we'll continue to
put GPUs and CPUs in them when they're done as quickly as we can. And then finally, we'll try to
make sure we can get as efficient as we possibly can on the pace at which we do that and how we
operate them so that they can have the highest possibly utility. And so I think it's not really
about two places. Carl, I would definitely abstract away from that as a multi-year delivery time
life. But really we just need to get it done every location where we're currently in a build or
or starting to do that. We're working as quickly as we can. Okay, God, thank you.
Thanks, Carl. All right, the next question, please.
The next question comes from the line of Mark Murphy with JP Morgan. Please proceed.
Thank you so much, such a performance achievements of the Maya 200 accelerator for infants
looked quite remarkable in especially in comparison to TPUs and Trainiam and Blackwell,
which have just been around a lot longer. Can you put that accomplishment in perspective
in terms of how much of a core competency you think silicon might be coming from Microsoft
and Amy, are there any ramifications worth mentioning there in terms of supporting your
growth margin profile for infants costs going forward? Yeah, no, thanks for the question. So
couple things, one is we've been at this in a variety of different forms for a long, long time
in terms of building our own silicon and so we're very, very thrilled about the progress with
Maya 200 and especially when we think about running a GPG-5-2 and the performance we're able to
get in the gems at FB4. Just prove the point that when you have a new workload, a new shape
of a workload, you can start innovating into end between the model and the silicon and that
die system is just not even about just the silicon, the way the networking works at the
rack scale that's optimized with memory for this particular workload and the other thing is
we're obviously round trapping and working very closely with our own super intelligence team
with all of our models as you can imagine, whatever we build will be all optimized for Maya.
So, if you're great about it and I think the way to think about all up is
we're in such early innings. I mean, even just look at the amount of silicon innovation
and systems innovation, even since December I think the new thing is everybody's talking about
looming in the inference, right? And so one of the things we want to make sure is we're not locked
into any one thing. If anything, we have great partnership with Nvidia with AMD, they're innovating,
we're innovating, we want to flee at any given point in time to have access to the best TCO.
And it's not a one-generation game. I think a lot of folks just talk about who's ahead. It's just
remember you have to be ahead all the time to come. And that means you really want to think about
having a lot of innovation that happens out there to be in your fleet so that your fleet is
fundamentally advantage of the TCO level. So that's kind of how I look at it which is we're excited
about Maya, we're excited about cobalt, we're excited about our DPU or next. So we have a lot of
systems capability that means we can vertically integrate and because we can vertically integrate
doesn't mean we just only would integrate and so we want to be able to have the flexibility here
and that's what you see us do. Thanks Mark. All right, the next question, please.
The next question comes from the line of Brad Zelmick with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Great, thank you very much. Sophia, we heard a lot about frontier transformations
from Judson and Ignite and we've seen customers realize breakthrough benefits when they adopt the
Microsoft AI stack. Can you help frame first the momentum and enterprises embarking on these journeys
and any expectation for how much they're spend with Microsoft can expand and becoming
front to your firms. Thanks. Yeah, thank you for that. So I think one of the things that we are seeing
is the adoption across the three major suites of ours. So if you take M365, you take what's happening
with security and you take GitHub. In fact, it's fascinating. These three things had effectively
compounding effects for our customers in the past, like something like enter, the identity system,
or defender as the protection system across all three was sort of super helpful. But so
what now you're seeing is something like work IQ, right? So I'm just to give you a flavor for it.
The most important database underneath for any company that uses Microsoft today is the data
underneath Microsoft 365 and the reason is because it has all this tacit information, right?
Who are your people, what are the relationships, what are the projects that are working on,
what are their artifacts, their communications. So that's a super important asset for any business
process, business workflow context. In fact, the scenario I even had in my transcript around,
you can now take work IQ as an MCP server and in a good of repo and say, hey, please look at
my design meetings for the last month in teams and tell me if my repo reflects it. I mean,
that's a pretty high level way to think about how what is happening previously perhaps with our
tools, business, and our get-out business are suddenly now being transformative, right? That
agent black thing is really transforming companies in some sense, right? That's I think the most
magical thing which is you deploy these things and suddenly the agents are helping you coordinate
brain more leverage to your enterprise. Then on top of that, of course, there is the transformation
which is what businesses are doing, how should we think about customer service, how should we think
about marketing, how should we think about finance, how should we think about that and build our own
agents. That's where all the services in fabric and foundry and of course we get up tuning is helping
them or even the local local tools. I have some stats on how much that's being used. But one of the
more exciting things for me is the new agents, systems, entities, white co-pilot, get-up co-pilot,
security co-pilot, all coming together to compound the benefits of all the data and all the deployment.
I think it's probably the most transformative effect right now. Thank you very helpful.
Thanks, Brad. All right, so we have time for one last question.
And the last question will come from a line of Ramos Lenshow with Barclays. Please proceed.
Perfect, thanks for creating me. And last few, according to the talk to GPU side, we talked about
CPU as well on the outer side and you have some operational changes at the beginning of January
last year. Can you speak what you saw there and maybe put it more in the bigger picture in terms
of clients realizing that they're moved to the cloud. It's important if you want to deliver a proper
AI. So what have you seen in terms of cloud foundations? Thank you.
I didn't quite. Sorry, Ryan. You were asking about the SNC.
CPU side? I don't can you repeat the question, please?
Yeah, sorry. So I was wondering about the CPU side of outer
because we had some operational changes there. And, you know, we also hear from the series a lot
that people are realizing they need to be in the cloud if you want to do a proper AI. And if that's
kind of for the moment of thank you. Yeah, I think I did it. I was for what I had mentioned in my
remarks that when you think about AI workloads, you should think of AI workloads as just AI
accelerator compute, right? Because in some sense, it takes any agent. The agent will then spawn
through tools used, maybe a container, which runs obviously on compute. In fact, we have a
whenever we think about even building out of the fleet, we think of invasions, even for a training
job either any AI training job requires a bunch of compute and bunch of storage, very close to
computed. So therefore, an insane thing and inferencing as well. So the inferencing with
agent mode will require you to essentially provision a computer or computing resources to the
agent. So they don't need GPUs. They're running on GPUs, but they need computers which are
computed in storage. So that's what's happening even in the new workloads. The other thing you
mention is the cloud migrations are still going on. In fact, one of the stats I had was SQL,
latest SQL Server growing as an IAS service in Azure. And so that's one of the reasons why
we have to think about our commercial cloud and keep it balanced with the rest of our AI cloud
because when clients bring their workloads and bring their new workloads, they need all of these
infrastructural elements in the region in which they're deployed.
Yep, okay. Thank you. Thanks Raymo. That wraps up the Q&A portion of today's earnings call.
Thank you for joining us today and we look forward to speaking with you all soon. Thank you all.
Thank you. Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time
and we thank you for your participation. Have a great night.