Good afternoon. My name is Sarah, and I will be your conference operator today.
At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Nvidia's fourth quarter earnings call.
All lines have been placed on you to prevent any background noise.
After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question and answer session.
If you would like to ask a question during this time, simply press star, followed by the number one on your telephone keypad.
If you would like to withdraw your question, press star one again. Thank you.
Thank you. Thank you. Good afternoon everyone. And welcome to Nvidia's conference call for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2026.
With me today from Nvidia, our Jensen Wong, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Colette Cress, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.
Our call is being webcast live on Nvidia's investor relations website.
The webcast will be available for replay until the conference call to discuss our financial results for the first quarter of fiscal 2027.
The content of today's call is Nvidia's property. It can't be reproduced or transcribed without our prior written consent.
During this call, we may make forward looking statements based on current expectations.
These are subject to a number of significant risks and uncertainties, and our actual results may differ materially.
For a discussion of factors that could affect our future financial results in business.
Please refer to the disclosure in today's earnings release.
Our most recent forms 10K and 10Q, and the reports that we may file on FormateK with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
All our statements are made as of today, February 25th, 2026, based on information currently available to us.
Accept as required by law, we assume no obligation to update and such statements.
During this call, we will discuss non-gap financial measures.
You can find a reconciliation of these non-gap financial measures to gap financial measures in our CFO commentary, which is posted on our website.
With that, let me turn the call over to collect.
Thanks Techea.
We delivered another outstanding quarter with record revenue, operating income, and free cash flow.
Total revenue of 68 billion was up 73% year over year, accelerating from Q3.
Growth on a sequential basis was also record as we added 11 billion in data center revenue across a diverse and expanding set of customers, including cloud providers,
hyperscalers, AI model makers, enterprises, and sovereign nations.
Demand for our Blackwell Architecture and Extreme Code Design, a data center scale continues to strengthen as inference deployments grow in addition to training.
The transition to accelerated computing and the infusion of AI across existing hyperscale workloads continue to fuel our growth.
A Gentic and physical AI applications built on increasingly smarter and multimodal models are beginning to drive our financial performance.
On a full year basis, data center generated revenue of 194 billion up 68% year over year.
We have now scaled our data center business by nearly 13x since the emergence of chat GPT in fiscal 2023.
We look ahead, we expect sequential revenue growth throughout calendar 2026, exceeding what was included in the 500 billion Blackwell and Rubin revenue opportunity we shared last year.
We believe we have inventory and supply commitments in place to address future demand including shipments extending into calendar 2027.
Every data center is power constrained customers make critical architectural decisions based on performance per watt given these constraints and the need to maximize AI factory revenue.
Some analysis declared in video inference king as recent results from inference acts reinforced our inference leadership with GB372 achieving up to 50x performance per watt and 35x lower cost per token compared with all.
And continuous optimization of kudos software helped deliver up to five times better performance on GB272 just within four months.
In video produces the lowest cost per token and data centers running on Nvidia generate the highest revenues.
Our pace of innovation particular at our scale is unmatched fueled by an annual R&D budget approaching 20 billion and our ability to extreme co-designed across compute a networking across chips systems algorithms and softwares.
We intend to deliver x factor leaves and performance per watt average generation and extend our leadership position over the long term.
Q4 data center revenue a 62 billion increased 75% year over year and 22% sequentially driven primarily by sustained strength in blackwell and the blackwell ultra ramp.
Media infrastructure in high demand even hopper and much of the six year old ampere based products are sold out in the cloud.
Nearly a year has passed since the release of our grace blackwell gnvl 72 systems today nearly nine gigawatts of infrastructure on blackwell are deployed and consumed by the major cloud service providers.
Our first-scaleers a model makers and enterprises.
Networking a cornerstone of our data center scale infrastructure offering was a stand out this quarter generating 11 billion in revenue up more than 3.5x year over year.
demand for our scale up and scale out technologies reached record levels both growing double digits sequentially driven by strong adoption of envy link spectrum x ethernet and infant abam.
On a year over year basis growth was driven primarily by envy link 72 scale up switches as grace blackwell systems accounted for roughly two thirds of data center revenue in the quarter.
envy link scale up fabric has revolutionized computing and demonstrates the power of extreme code design across all of the tips of the super computer and the full stack.
In Q4 we announced that we will enable a WS with envy link to integrate with their custom silicon.
Momentum is strong with our spectrum x ethernet scale up and scale across networking as customers work to unify distributed data centers into integrated gigascale AI factories.
For the full year our networking business exceeded 31 billion in revenue up more than 10x compared to fiscal 2021.
The year we acquired melanox.
Our demand profile is broad diverse and expanding beyond just chat bots.
First there is a fundamental platform shift from classical machine learning to gender to AI strong evidence of ROI as hyper scalars upgrade massive traditional workloads to gender to AI including search.
Adgeneration and content recommender systems is encouraging our largest customers to accelerate their capital spending.
For example, at meta environments in their gem model drove a 3.5 increase in ad clicks on Facebook and more than 1% gain in conversations on Instagram translating into meaningful revenue growth.
With the same Nvidia infrastructure meta super intelligence labs can train and deploy their frontier agentic AI systems.
Frontier agentic systems have reached an inflection point.
Cloud code, cloud co-work and opening eye codex have achieved useful intelligence adoption skyrocketing and tokens are profitable driving extreme urgency to scale up compute compute directly translate to intelligence and revenue growth.
Analysts expectations for 2026 capex across the top five cloud providers and hyper scalars who collectively account for a little over 50% of our data center revenue are up nearly 120 billion since the start of the year and approaching 700 billion.
Continue to expect the transition of classic data center workloads to GPU accelerated computing and the use of AI to enhance today's hyper scale workloads and contribute toward roughly half of our long term opportunity.
Every country will build and operate some parts of the AI infrastructure just like with electricity and internet today in fiscal year 2026 our sovereign AI business more than tripled year of a year and over 30 billion.
By customer's based in Canada, France, the Netherlands, Singapore and the UK.
Over the long run we expect our sovereign opportunity to grow at least in line with the AI infrastructure market as countries spend on AI proportional to their GDP.
Well, small amounts of H200 products for China-based customers were proved by the US government we have yet to generate any revenue and we do not know whether any imports will be allowed into China.
Our competitors in China bolstered by recent IPOs are making progress and have the potential to disrupt the structure of the global AI industry over the long term.
To sustain its leadership position in AI compute America must engage every developer and be the platform for choice for every commercial business including those in China.
We will continue to engage with the US and China governments and advocate for America's ability to compete around the world.
We unveiled the Rubin platform last month as CES comprised of six new tips the Vera CPU Rubin GPU and we link six switch connect x9 super neck blue field for DPU and spectrum six ethernet switch.
The platform will train MOE models with one fourth the number of GPUs and reduce inference token cost by up to 10x compared to blackwell.
We shipped our first Vera Rubin samples to customers earlier this week and we remain on track to commence production shipments in the second half of the year.
Based on its modular cable free trade design Rubin will deliver improved resiliency and serviceability relative to blackwell we expect every cloud model builder to deploy Vera Rubin.
Gaming revenue of 3.7 billion increased 47% year on year driven by strong blackwell demand and improved supply.
GeForce RTX is the leading platform for PC gamers creators and developers.
In Q4 we added several new technologies and advancements including DLSS 4.5 which uses AI to bring game visuals to a new level.
Geasing pulsar bringing incredible clear graphics even in motion and 35% faster LLM inference across leading AI PC frameworks.
Looking ahead while end demand for our products remain strong and channel inventory levels are healthy we expect supply constraints to be the headwind to gaming in Q1 and beyond.
For professional visualization it crossed the 1 billion mark for the first time with revenue of 1.3 billion up 159% year over year and 74% sequentially.
During the quarter we launched the RTX Pro 5000 blackwell workstation with 72 giga bytes of fast memory for AI developers running LLMs and agentic workflows.
On a mode of revenue of 600 and 4 million was up 6% year of year and was driven by robust demand for self-driving solutions.
At CES we introduced Alpomio the world's first open portfolio of reasoning vision language action models simulation blueprints and data sets enabling vehicles that can think.
The first passenger car featuring Alpomio built on Nvidia drive will be on the road soon in the new Mercedes-Benz CLA.
Physical AI is here having already contributed north of 6 billion in Nvidia revenue in fiscal year 2026.
Robotaxi rides are growing exponentially with commercial fleets from way mo Tesla Uber we ride and zoos and many others are expected to scale from thousands of vehicles in 2025 to millions over the next decade creating a market poised to generate hundreds of billions of dollars of revenue.
This expansion will demand orders of a magnitude more compute with every major OEM and service provider developing on Nvidia's platform.
We continue to advance robotics development with the new Nvidia cosmos and is a group open models frameworks and Nvidia's powered robots and autonomous machines for leading companies including Boston Dynamics,
how-to-pillar, Franco Robotics, LG Electronics, and Neuro Robotics.
To accelerate industrial physical AI adoption we also announce new expanding partnerships with dissociate systems, Siemens and synopsis to bring in Nvidia AI infrastructure,
digital twins, world models and CUDAX libraries to millions of researchers, designers and engineers building the world's industries.
Let's move to the rest of the piano.
Gapgross margin was 75% and non-gapgross margin was 75.2% increasing sequentially as back well continued to ramp.
Gap operating expenses were up 16% sequentially and up 21% on a non-gap basis related to new product introductions and compute and infrastructure costs.
Non-gap effective tax rate for the fourth quarter was 15.4% below our outlook for the quarter primarily due to the impact of a one-time tax benefit.
Inventory grew 8% quarter of a quarter while purchase commitments also increased significantly.
We have strategically secured inventory on capacity to meet demand beyond the next several quarters.
This is further out in time than usual and reflects the longer demand visibility we have.
While we expect tightness in the supply for our advanced architectures to persist, we remain confident in our ability to capitalize on the growth opportunity ahead with our scale, expansive supply chain, and the longstanding partnerships continuing to serve us well.
We generated free cash flow of 35 billion in Q4 and 97 billion in fiscal year 2026.
For the year we returned 41 billion or 43% of free cash flow to our shareholders in the form of sharing purchases and dividends.
We continue to invest in our technology and our ecosystem to cultivate market development drive long-term growth and ultimately yield total shareholder returns superior to the market or our peer group.
Importantly, we will continue to run a strategic and disciplined process as it relates to our investments and we remain committed to returning capital to our shareholders.
Let me turn to the outlook for the first quarter.
Starting this quarter, we will be including stock-based compensation expense in our non-gap results.
Stock bank compensation is a foundational component of our compensation program to attract and retain world-class talent.
Let me first start with revenue.
Total revenue is expected to be 78 billion plus or minus 2%.
We expect most of our growth to be driven by data center.
Consistent with last quarter, we are not assuming any data center compute revenue from China in our outlook.
Gap and non-gap gross margins are expected to be 74.9% and 75% respectively plus or minus 50 basis points.
For the full year, we continue to see gross margins in the mid 70s.
We will keep you updated on our progress as we prepare for the Vera Rubin transition.
Gap and non-gap operating expenses are expected to be approximately 7.7 billion and 7.5 billion,
respectively, including stock-based compensation expense of 1.9 billion.
For the full year, we expect non-gap operating expenses to grow in the low 40s on a year over year basis as we continue to invest in our expanding opportunity set.
For the full year, fiscal year 27, we expect to gap and non-gap tax rates to be in between 7 and 19%.
Excluding any discrete items and material changes to our tax environment.
With that, let me turn the call over to Jensen.
I think he has a few words for us.
The quarter we significantly depend and expanded our partnerships with leading frontier model makers.
We recently celebrated OpenAI's launch of GPT 5.3 Codex, trained with and inferencing on Grace Blackwell and Bealing 72 systems.
GPT 5.3 Codex can take on long running tasks that involve research, tool use and complex execution.
5.3 Codex is deployed broadly inside and video, our engineers love it.
We continue to work with OpenAI toward a partnership agreement and believe we are close.
We are thrilled with our ongoing partnership with OpenAI.
A once in a generation company, we've had the pleasure of partnering with since their first days.
Meta super intelligence labs is scaling up at Lightning Speed.
Last week, we announced that Meta is deploying millions of blackwells and Rubin GPUs and video CPUs and Spectrum X Ethernet for training and inference.
This quarter, we announced a partnership with Anthropic and a $10 billion investment in their company.
Anthropic will train and inference on Grace Blackwell and Vera Rubin systems.
Anthropic's cloud codework agent platform is revolutionary and has opened the floodgates for enterprise AI adoption.
Between cloud codework and open-claw, compute demand is skyrocketing and Chad GPT moment of agentic AI has arrived.
With partnerships spanning Anthropic, Meta, OpenAI and XAI, and video deployed across every cloud and with our ability to build full stack AI infrastructure from the ground up or support them in the cloud.
We're uniquely positioned to partner with frontier model builders at every stage, training, inference and AI factory scale out.
Finally, we recently entered into a non-exclusive licensing agreement with Grok for its low latency inference technology, and welcome the team of brilliant engineers to Nvidia.
As we did with Melonox, we will extend Nvidia's architecture with Grok's innovations to enable new levels of AI infrastructure performance and value.
We look forward to sharing more at GTC next month.
Okay, back to you. We will now transition to Q&A. Operator, please pull for questions.
At this time, I would like to remind everyone in order to ask a question, press start and the number one on your telephone keypad. We'll pause for just a moment to compile the Q&A roster.
Your first question comes from the back area with Bank of America's security. Your line is open.
Thanks for taking my question. I think you mentioned that you now have growth visibility into calendar 27 also, and I think your purchase commitment kind of reflect that confidence.
But, Gensen and Q&A, when you look at your top cloud customers, cloud capex, close to 700 billion this year, many investors are concerned that it would be harder for this level to grow into next year, and for several of them, their cash flow generation capability is also getting compressed.
So I know you're very confident about your roadmap and your purchase commitments and what not, but how confident are you about your customers ability to continue to grow their capex, and if their capex doesn't grow, can then very still find a way to grow in that envelope. Thank you.
I am confident in their cash flow growing, and the reason for that is very simple. We have now seen the inflection of agentic AI, and the usefulness of agents across the world and enterprises everywhere. You're seeing incredible compute demand because of it.
In this new world of AI, compute is revenues. Without compute, there's no way to generate tokens without tokens, there's no way to grow revenues.
So in this new world of AI, compute equals revenues, and I am certain that at this point with the productive use of codex and cloud code and the excitement around cloud co-work, and just the incredible enthusiasm about open claw and the enterprise versions of them.
All of the enterprise ISVs who are now working on agentic systems on top of their tools platforms. I'm certain at this point that we are at the inflection point, we've reached the inflection point, and we're generating profitable tokens that are productive for customers and profitable for the cloud service providers.
And so the simple logic in it, the simple way to think about it is computing has changed. What used to be software running on computers, modest amount of computers, you know, call it 300, 400 billion dollars worth of capex each year has now gone into AI, and AI in order to have, in order to generate tokens, you need compute capacity, and that translates directly to growth and that translates directly to revenues.
Your next question comes from Joe Moore with Martin Stanley, your line is open.
Great, thank you, and congratulations on the numbers. You talked about some of the strategic investments that you've made into anthropic and potentially open AI.
You're clearly at the center of everything. Can you talk about the role of those investments and kind of how do you view the balance sheet as a tool to kind of grow the Nvidia's position in the ecosystem and participate in that growth?
As you know, fundamentally, at the core of everything in video is our ecosystem. That's what everybody loves about our business.
The richness of our ecosystem, just about every startup in the world is working on Nvidia's ecosystem, Nvidia's platform, we're in every cloud, we're in every on prem data center, we're all over the world's edge and robotic systems.
Thousands of AI natives are built on top of Nvidia. We want to take great opportunity that we have as we're in the beginning of this new computing era, this new computing platform shift, to put everybody on Nvidia.
Everything is already built on CUDA, and so we're starting from a really terrific starting point, but as we build out the entire AI ecosystem, whether it's in AI for language or physical AI or AI physics or biology or robotics or manufacturing, we want all of these ecosystems to be built on top of Nvidia.
And this is such a wonderful opportunity for us to invest into the ecosystem across the entire stack. Our ecosystem is also richer today than it used to be.
We used to be largely a computing platform on GPUs, but now we're computing AI infrastructure company, and we have computing platforms on, well, every aspect of that, and everything from computing to AI models to networking, to our GPU, all of that has computing stacks on top of it.
And as I mentioned before, whether it's an enterprise or in manufacturing industrial or science or robotics, each one of these ecosystems have different stacks, and we want to make sure that we continue to invest into our ecosystem.
So our investments are focused very squarely strategically on expanding and deeply our ecosystem reach.
Your next question comes from Harlan Thor with JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Networking continues to rise as a percentage of their overall data centipole file, right?
Through the school 26 year networking revenues, accelerated on a year of your basis, every single quarter, right?
The 3.6x growth, as you guys mentioned, year of year growth in Q4, obviously on the strength of your scale up and scale up.
Networking protocol for little, I would seem to remember that first half of last year, your annualized run rate on your spectrum ex-eateness switching platform was around 10 billion annualized.
And the fact that may have stepped up to around 11, 12 billion in the second half of last year, since it's looking at your order book, especially with spectrum ex-cs of coming 202,
Spectrum 6, switching platforms launching soon, where was the spectrum run rate trending now?
And as you, for seeing sort of this calendar year.
As you know, we see ourselves as an AI infrastructure company, and the AI computing infrastructure includes CPUs, GPUs, and we invented envy link to scale up, the one computing node into a giant computing rack.
We invented the idea of a rack scale computer.
We now, we don't ship nodes of computers, we ship racks of computers.
And those, that envy link, that envy link, switch scale up system is then scaled out using Spectrum X and infinite band.
We support both.
And then further, we also scale across data centers using Spectrum X scale across.
And so the way we think about networking is really an extension, it's, we offer everything openly, so that people could decide to mix and imagine different scale and, you know, however, they would like to integrate it into their bespoke data center.
But in the final analysis, it's all one big part of our platform.
The invention of envy link, a really terrible charged our networking business.
Every rack comes with nine nodes of switches.
And each one of them has two chips in it, and in the future they'll have more.
And so the amount of switching that we do, per rack, is really quite incredible.
And we're also now the largest networking company in the world.
And, and if you look at Ethernet, we came into the Ethernet market about a couple of years ago into Ethernet switching.
And I think that we're probably the largest Ethernet networking company in the world today.
And surely we'll be soon.
And so Spectrum X Ethernet has been a home run for us.
But, you know, we're open to however people want to do networking.
Some people just really love the low latency and the scale-up capability of infinity band.
And we will continue to support that, of course.
And some people love to integrate their networking across their data center based on Ethernet.
And we created an Ethernet capability that extends Ethernet with artificial intelligence, a way of processing in the data center.
And we're incredibly good at that.
And our Spectrum X performance really shows it.
You know, the difference of, when you build a 10 billion or 20 billion dollar AI factory, the difference of 10%.
You know, and it could be easily 20% on the effectiveness and the through the utilization of your network for your data center.
That translates to real money.
And so Nvidia's networking business is really, really going fast.
You know, I think it's just because we built the AI infrastructure so effectively.
And the AI infrastructure business is growing incredibly fast.
Your next question comes from CJ News with Canterford's Gerald.
Your line is open.
Yeah, good afternoon.
Thank you for taking the question.
I guess let's see the extra large context windows and growth, likely adding as decodes to some exclusion.
Curious how we should think about your future roadmap.
Surely, do you think about customer, so can either by workload or customer as an increasing focus by Nvidia, particularly help by your move to a dilate architecture?
Thanks so much.
We don't use, we want to, everybody should want to extend push out dilate as long as they can.
And the reason for that is because every time you cross a dilate, you have a dilate, you have to cross an interface.
Every time you cross an interface, you add lanes, see you add power unnecessarily.
We're not allergic to dilate, we use dilates already.
But we try to use dilates only when we absolutely have no choice but to do so.
And so we, if you look at the Grace Blackwell architecture and the Ruben architecture, we use two giant radical limited dies and we abut them.
And that reduces the amount of architecture crossing.
The dilate tax shows up in the architecture effectiveness of the competitors.
If you look at and people call it our software advantage.
But, you know, where software starts and architecture starts and ends is kind of hard to tell.
It's, you know, our software is effective because our architecture is so good.
And so that the coulda architecture is unquestionably more effective.
More efficient delivers more performance per flop per watt than any computing architecture out there and is because of the way we architect.
With respect to how we think about.
And, and the low latency decoder, I've got some great ideas that I'd like to share with you at GTC.
But the simple idea is that our, our infrastructure is incredible, incredibly versatile.
Because of Cuda, we're going to continue to continue to do that.
You know, all of our GPUs are architecturally compatible, which means that when I'm working on optimizing models today.
For Blackwell, all of that work and all the dedication to optimizing software stacks and new models.
Also benefit hopper and also benefit ampere.
It's the reason why a 100 continues to feel fresh and continues to stay performant years after we've deployed it into the world.
Architecture compatibility allows us to do that.
It allows us to invest enormously in software engineering and optimization, knowing that our entire install base in the cloud on prem everywhere from generations of architectures that GPUs will all benefit.
And so we'll continue to do that.
And allows us to extend the useful life allows us to have innovation flexibility and velocity, which translates to performance.
We're very importantly, performance per dollar and performance per watt for our customers.
And, and so what we'll do with rock is, you'll, you'll come to C, come to CGTC, but what we'll do is we'll extend our architecture with rock is an accelerator in very much the ways that we extended Nvidia's architecture with melanops.
The next question comes from Stacey Raskan, with Bernstein research.
Your line is open.
Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions.
I wanted to dig a little bit into the call for sequential growth through the years.
I mean, you grow this quarter more than 10 billion F sequentially in data center.
And the guide seems to imply, you know, the bulk of the increased 10 billion sequentially data center.
How do you see that as we go through the year, especially as Ruben ramps into the back half black was been a pretty massive acceleration for sequential growth.
So we expect something similar as we get to Ruben.
And then I was also just hoping you could comment on your expectations for gaming.
I understand the memory issues and everything else.
Do you think gaming can still grow year over year in fiscal 27 or will that be under more pressure given memory?
So those two questions, please. Thank you.
Thanks, Stacey. Let me let me start with the revenue going forward. Again, we're we're trying to look at revenue quarter by quarter.
As you think about the full year, we are absolutely going to be still selling and providing black well probably at the same time that we're also seeing very Ruben come to market.
This is a very great architecture that helps them just today quickly standing up and have already planned many different orders across the different customers to provide that.
It's too early yet to determine how much in terms of that very Ruben that beginning ramp will start in a second half and we'll get through it.
So no confusion in terms of the strong demand and the interest we do expect pretty much of very single customer to be purchasing.
Vera Ruben.
The question is are how soon are we in market and how soon are they able to stand that up in terms of in their data centers.
That was your first part.
The second part was focusing on our gaming as much as we would love to have additional more supply.
We do believe for a couple quarters, it is going to be very tight.
If things improve by the end of the year, there isn't opportunity to think about what that is from a year over your growth, but still too early for us to know at this time and we'll get back to you as soon as we can.
Your next question comes from at his Malik with city your line is open.
Thank you for taking my question.
Jensen, I'm curious if you can touch on the importance of Kuda as now mode of the investment dollars in AI coming from infants workloads.
Without without Kuda, we wouldn't know what to do with inference.
The entire stack from tensor RTLM that we introduced a few years ago, which is still the most performant inference stack in the world.
Optimizing it for envy link requires us to discover and invent new parallelization algorithms that sits on top of Kuda.
Distribute the workload and the inferencing to take advantage of the aggregate bandwidth across envy link 72.
Envealing 72 has enabled us to deliver generationally 50 times more performance per why.
It's just an incredible lead and it's sensible.
Envealing 72 is a great invention. It was hard to do the creation of the switching technology.
This aggregating the switches and building the system racks all of that, you know, we did it on plain site and never knew how hard it was for us to do.
And but the results are incredible, you know, so performance per why it's 50 times performance per dollar that 35 times and so the leap and inference is incredible.
But it's very important, it's really important to realize that inference equals revenues now for our customers.
Because agents are generating so many tokens and the results are so effective when the agents are coding it's off generating thousands tens of thousands hundreds of thousands because they're running for, you know, minutes to hours.
And so these systems, these agent systems are spawning off different agents working as a team.
The number of tokens that are being generated is really really gone exponential.
And so we need to inference at a much higher speed.
And when you're inferencing at a much higher speed and each one of those tokens are dollarized, it directly translates into revenues.
And so inference equals inference performance equals revenues for our customers.
For the data centers, inference tokens per what translates directly to the revenues of the CSPs.
And the reason for that is because everybody is power limited.
And so I mean, no matter how many data centers you have, each data center, you know, hundred megawatts or one gigawatts has power limits.
So the architecture that has the best performance per what translates because each token each performance tokens per what each token is dollarized.
Tokens per what translates to dollars per what, which translates in a gigawatt directly to revenues.
And so you could see that every CSP understands us now, every hyperscaler understands us.
That capex translates to compute compute with the right architecture translates to maximizing revenues and compute equals revenues.
Without investing capacity today without investing and compute, there cannot be revenue growth.
That I think everybody understands compute equals revenues choosing the right architecture is incredibly important is more than strategic now.
It directly affects their earnings and choosing the right architecture the one with the best performance per what is literally everything.
Your next question comes from Ben Wright's with nearly as research your line is open.
Yeah, hey, thanks. First, let me say kudos on including the stock comp in non-gap.
I think that's a great move, but that isn't my question.
My questions around gross margins and the say sustainability of the mid 70s long term, should we read into the visibility on supply being available into calendar 27 that it's sustainable until until then.
And then, Jensen, what about after that? Are there innovations in memory consumption? You can unveil that makes us feel better about the ability to keep margins at that level for a long time.
Thanks.
The single most important lever of our gross margins is actually delivering generational leaves to our customers.
That is the single most important thing. If we could deliver generationally performance per what that exceeds dramatically what Moore's law can do.
If we can deliver performance per dollar dramatically more than the cost of our systems than the price of our systems, then we can continue to sustain our gross margins.
That's the simple most important concept.
The reason why we're moving so fast is because number one, the demand for tokens in the world as a result of the inflection points that we've gone through has now has gone completely exponential.
I think we're all seeing that.
To the point where even our six year old GPUs in the cloud are completely consumed and the pricing is going up.
And so we know that the amount of computation necessary, the amount of compute necessary for the, for the modern way of doing software is growing exponentially.
Our strategy is to deliver an entire AI infrastructure every single year. This year we introduce six new chips.
Ruben next generation will do many new chips as well.
And every single generation we are committed to deliver many X factors of performance per what and performance per dollar.
And that pace and our ability to do extreme code design allows us to deliver that value and that benefit to the customers and that that is the single most vital thing as a social as it relates to our value delivered.
Your next question comes from Antoine Chicae Ben with new street research. Your line is open.
Hi, thank you. I'd like to ask you about space data centers, which some of your customers are considering how feasible do you think that is and what kind of horizon.
And what did you economic look like today and how do you think that could evolve over time. Thank you.
Well, the economics are poor today, but it's going to improve over time.
As you know, as you know, the way that space works is radically different than how it works down here. There's an abundance of energy.
But solar panels are large, but there's plenty of space in space.
The heat dissipation it's cold in space. However, there's no there's no air flow and so the only way to to dissipate he is through conduction and the radiators that you need to create are fairly large.
Obviously out of the question because it's heavy and you know, precision.
And so the methods that we use here on earth are are a little different than the way we would do it in space.
But there are many different computing problems that really wants to be done in space.
And so in videos is already the world's first GPU in space, hoppers in space.
And one of the best use cases of GPUs in space is imaging to be able to imaging image at extremely high resolutions using using, of course, of course, optics and and artificial intelligence.
And to be able to do that computation of reprojection of different angles and be able to to upres and do noise reduction and just be able to see.
Be able to image at very large, very high resolutions, extremely large scales and very very fast.
It's hard to do that by sending, you know, petabytes and petabytes of imaging data back here on earth and doing that work that's easier just to do it out in space.
And then and then ignore ignore all of the data collected and processed until you see something interesting.
And so artificial intelligence in space will have very good, very interesting applications.
Your next question comes from Mark LePakas with Evercore ISI, your line is open.
Hi, thanks for taking my question.
I want to pick up a big comment you made on the script about revenue, diversification, I believe.
You said that hyperscalers were 50% of revenues, but growth was led by the rest of your data center customers and I, you know, as a clarification, I just want to make sure I understood that does that imply your your non hyperscale customers grew faster.
And and if so, what are the, can you help us understand, what are the non hyperscalers doing different are they doing different things in the hyperscalers or the things on a different scale.
And does this, you expect this trend to continue to expect your customer base to evolve to a point where non hyperscalers are become a bigger part of your, but the larger part of your business.
Thank you.
Yes, let's let's see if we can help on this question.
So when you think about our top five as we articulated as being our CSPs, our hyperscalers and they have right now sided about 50% of our total revenue.
There's a big organization there for diversity of all different other types of companies that we are working with that it goes through our AI model makers that goes through our enterprises that goes to super computing it goes to our sovereigns.
There's a lot of other different facts on there, but you are correct it's a very fast growing area as well we have a strong position in terms of all of our different cloud providers on our platform.
And now we also have a extreme diversity of different customers that we are seeing all the way across the world.
And this will really benefit.
Seeing that diversity and being able to serve all of those parts.
This is the agenda monster.
This is one of the advantages that we have with our ecosystem, I'll build on top of Kuda.
We have, we're the only accelerated computing platform that is in every cloud that's available through every single computer maker available at the edge.
And we're now cultivating telecommunications obviously the future radios will all be AI driven radios and and the future wireless network will also be a computing platform that is a foreground conclusion but somebody has to go and invent the technologies to make that possible.
And we created the tech we created a platform called aerial to go do that.
We're we're out in just about every single robot every single drug self driving car.
Our ability Kuda's ability to have the benefit of the performance of specialized processors on the one hand.
With the tensor course in our GPUs on the other hand the flexibility of Kuda allows us to solve language problems computer vision problems.
Robotics problems to biology problems, you know physics problems and just about all kinds of AI and all kinds of computation computation algorithms.
And so the diversity of our customer base is one of the greatest strengths that we have.
But the second thing of course is without our own ecosystem.
Even of our even of our processor was was programmable if we didn't cultivate our ecosystem and talking about some of the things that we were we're doing today investing in our future ecosystem.
Without our ecosystem it's hard for us to grow beyond what design wins we capture for somebody else's ecosystem.
And so we could grow and expand our ecosystem very naturally because of because of our the platform that we created.
And then lastly, one of the things that's really important is the partnerships that we have.
with open AI and thenthropic with xa with meta now makes and of course just about every single open source in the world.
There's one and a half million AI models on hugging face all of it runs on a video could it.
And so it opensource and totality probably represents the largest second largest model in the world open AI's the largest second largest probably all the collection of all the open sources.
So and video is ability to run all of that makes our platform super fungible super easy to use and really save to invest into and so.
That creates that creates the diversity of customers and and the diversity of the platforms and available in every single country and because you know we support the whole world's ecosystem.
Your next question comes from Aaron Rayker with Wells Fargo your line is open.
Yeah, thanks for taking a question.
I guess you know, sticking with the idea the platform and extreme code design some of the news over this last quarter's obviously been in videos ability or push to bring Vera.
Our CPUs to mark it on a standalone solution basis. So I guess, Johnson, I'm curious of what's the importance of Vera plays in this architecture revolution as we move forward.
Is this being driven more by the proliferation or the heterogeneality of of inference workloads I'm just curious of how you see that evolving for Nvidia particularly on a standalone CPU basis.
Thank you.
Yeah, thanks.
And I'll tell you some more about it at GTC, but at the highest level we made we made fundamentally different architecture decisions about our CPUs compared to the rest of the world CPUs.
It's the only data center CPU that supports LP DDR5.
It is a design to be to be focused on very high data processing capabilities.
And the reason for that is because most of the computing problems that we're interested in are data driven artificial intelligence being one.
And the single threaded performance in this ratio with bandwidth is just off the charts.
And we made those architectural decisions because in the entire phase the different phases of AI from data processing before you even do training you have to do data processing.
So you have data processing, tree training and in post training now.
The AI is learning how to use tools and and the usage of tools many of those tools run in CPU only environments or they run in CPU which GPU accelerated environments.
And vera was designed to be an excellent CPU for post training and and so some of the some of the use cases in the in the entire pipeline of artificial intelligence includes using a lot of CPUs you know we.
Love CPUs as well as GPUs and when you accelerate the algorithms to the limit as we have.
And also all would suggest that you need really really fast single threaded CPUs.
And that's the reason why we built a grace to be to be an extraordinary great at single threaded performance and vera is off the charts better than that.
Your next question from Tim our carry with you. Yes, your line is open.
Thanks a lot. I was wondering if you can talk about the deployment of capital. I know that you really jack up to purchase commits, but it sounds like maybe you're over the hump on this.
And you're going to probably generate about a hundred billion dollars in cash this year. So and you know pretty much no matter how good the results have been the stock hasn't really gone up gone up much.
So I think it's you probably feel like this is a pretty good price to be you know buying back a bunch of it here. So I was wondering if you can talk about that like you know question being why not put a big stake in the ground and just you know have a huge share of repo here. Thanks.
So thanks for the question.
We look at our capital return very very carefully and we do believe that one of the most important things that we can do is really supporting the extreme.
Ecosystem that's in front of us that stems from everywhere from our suppliers and the work that we need to do to assure that we can have the supply that's needed and help them from a capacity all the way that we are in terms of the early developers of the AI solutions that will be on our platform.
So we will continue to make this a very important part of our process and strategic investments. But of course we are still repurchasing our stock. We are still with our dividend as well. And we will continue to find the right unique opportunities within the year for doing those different purchases.
So our final question comes from Jim Schneider with Goldman Sachs, your line is open.
Thank you for taking my question. Just and you've previously outlined the potential to get to three to four trillion of data center capex by 2030 which implies potential acceleration and growth rates which you've sort of guided to this place this next quarter.
The question is, what are some of the key application areas that you believe are most likely to drive that inflection? Is that physical AI agentic or something else? And do you feel feel good about that three to four trillion dollar envelope? Thank you.
Yeah, let's let's back that up and just reason through it from a few different ways. So the first way is is on first principles the way that software is done in the future.
Using AI is token driven and I think everybody talks about tokenomics and talks about data centers generating tokens and inference is about generating tokens and we generate tokens and we're just talking about tokens.
How in videos and being like 72 enabled us to generate tokens at 50 times better performance per unit energy than the previous generation.
And so token generation is at the center of almost everything that relates to software in the future and relates to computing.
You look at look at the way we use computing in the past, however, the amount of computation demand for software in the past is a tiny fraction of what is necessary in the future.
And AI is here, AI is not going to go back, AI is only going to get better from here. And so if you think about it and you said, okay, well, the world was investing about three to four hundred billion dollars a year in classical computing.
And now AI is here and the amount of computation as a series of thousand times higher than the way we used to do computing.
The computing demand is just a lot higher. And so if if we continue to believe there's value in it and we'll talk about that in a second.
And then the world will invest to produce that token. And so the amount of token generation capability that the world needs is a lot more than 700 billion dollars.
And I'm fairly confident that we're going to continue to generate tokens. We're going to continue to invest in compute capacity from this point out.
And, and fundamentally, because every single company depends on software, every software will depend on AI. And so every company will produce tokens.
And that's the reason why I call them AI factories. And, and whether you're company in the cloud data centers, you have AI factories to generate tokens for your revenues.
If you're enterprise software company, you're going to generate tokens for the agente systems that are on top of your tools.
If you are a robotics factory and self-driving cars first indication of that, you have huge super computers which are basically AI factories to generate tokens that goes into your cars that becomes its AI.
And then you also have to put computers inside the cars that continuously generate tokens. And so we're fairly sure now that this is the future computing.
Now, why is it so certain that this is the future computing? And the reason for that is because the way we used to do software was pre-recorded.
Everything was captured a pre-ordered. We pre-compiled a software. We pre-write the content. We pre-record the videos.
But now, everything is generative in real time. And when it's generated in real time, it could take into context of the person, the situation, the query, and the intentions could all be taken into consideration
to generate the outcome of this new software called we call AI, a genetic AI. And so the amount of computation necessary is far far greater than pre-recorded.
Just as a computer has a lot more computation capability than a DVD recorder, a DVD player that was pre-recorded, artificial intelligence needs a lot more computing capability than the way we used to do software in the past.
Now, the question about the computation about sustainability at the first level is just at the computer science level. This is the way computing is going to be done.
Now, from an industrial level, because all of our companies in the final analysis are powered by software, and the cloud companies are powered by software.
And if the new software requires tokens to be generated, and the tokens are monetized, then it stands to reason that their data center build out directly drives their revenues.
And so compute drives revenues. And I think they all understand that. I think people are increasingly starting to understand that as well.
And then lastly, the benefits that AI produces for the world ultimately has to generate revenues. And we're seeing right in front, right being developed as we see, as we stand here,
the AI has turned an inflection point. And it literally happened in the last couple of two three months.
Of course, inside the industry, we've been seeing it for a while, you know, probably six months or so.
But the world is now awakened to the agentic AI inflection. The agents are super smart, they're solving real problems.
Coding is obviously supported by agentic systems now. And all of our coders here in the video are using agentic systems, either cloud code or open AI codex.
And enormously, and oftentimes both, and cursor, oftentimes all three depends on the use case.
But they have agents and code, your design partners, engineering partners, that to help them solve problems.
And you could see the revenue skyrocketing, you know, these companies, in the case of anthropic, I think they're revenues 10x in a year.
And they are severely capacity constrained because demand is just incredible. And the token demand is incredible.
The token generation rate is growing exponentially. And the same thing with, of course, open AI, their demand is incredible.
And so the more compute that they can stand online, bring online, their faster, their revenues will grow.
And that goes back to the comment that I was saying, that inference is revenues that compute equals revenues now in this new new world.
And in a lot of ways, that's the reason why we say it's a new industrial revolution.
There are new factories, new infrastructure being built. And this new way of doing computing is not going to go back.
And so to the extent that we believe that producing tokens is going to be the future of computing, which I believe, and I think largely the industry believes, then we're going to be building out this capacity from this point forward, and continue to expand from here.
Now, the thing that is, the way that we're seeing now is the agentic AI inflection.
And the next inflection beyond that is physical AI where we take AI and these agentic systems into the physical applications such as manufacturing such as robotics.
And so, that's a giant opportunity ahead.
Okay.
This concludes the question and answer session. I'll turn the call to Jose Harry.
In closing, please note, Jensen will be participating in a fire side chat at the Morgan Stanley TMT conference in San Francisco on March 4th.
You'll also be giving a keynote at GTC in San Jose on March 16.
Our earnings call to discuss the results of our first quarter of fiscal 2027 is scheduled for May 20th.
Thank you for joining us today. Operator, please go ahead and close the call.
Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.