Please stand by. We're about to begin. Good morning everyone and welcome to today's
first quarter 2025 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in the
list and only mode. Later, you will have an opportunity to ask questions during the question
and answer session. You may register to ask a question at any time by pressing the star
and one keys on your touch-tone phone. Please note this call may be recorded and then I will be
standing by. Should you require any assistance? It is now my pleasure to turn today's program
over to Cheryl Freeman, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Thank you, operator. Good morning everyone and welcome to the PVH Corp. First quarter 2025 earnings
conference call. Leading the call today will be Stefan Larson, Chief Executive Officer,
and Zach Cozland, Chief Financial Officer. This webcast and conference call is being recorded
on behalf of PVH and consists of copyrighted materials. It may not be recorded,
re-broadcast or otherwise transmitted without PVH's written permission. Your participation
constitutes your consent having anything you say up here in any transcript or replay of this call.
The information to be discussed includes forward-looking statements that reflect PVH's view
as of June 4, 2025, a future events and financial performance. These statements are subject to
recent uncertainties indicated in the company's SEC filings and the state proper statement
included in the press release that is the subject of this call. These include PVH's rate to
change strategies, objectives, expectations and intentions, and the company's ability
to realize anticipated benefits and savings from disasters, restructuring and similar plans,
such as the headcount, cost reduction initiative announced in August 2022, the 2021 sale of
assets of and exit from its Heritage Brands men's were in retail businesses. The November 2023
sale of the Heritage Brands women's intimate apparel business to focus on its calman climb
and Tommy Hill secret businesses and its current multi-year initiative to simplify its operating
model. PDH does not undertake any obligation to update publicly and a forward-looking statement
including without limitation and estimates regarding revenue or earnings. Generally, the financial
information and projections to be discussed will be on a non-gap basis as defined under SEC rules.
Reconciliation to gap amounts are included in PDH's first quarter 2025 earnings release,
which can be found on www.pvh.com and in the company's current report on form 8K
furnished to the SEC in connection with the release. At this time, I am pleased to turn the
conference over to Stefan Larson. Thank you, Cheryl, and good morning, everyone.
And thank you for joining our call today. I want to start by thanking our Calvin,
Tommy, and PVH teams around the world for their hard work this quarter as we delivered on our plan.
Driven by our discipline execution of the PVH plus plan, we grew revenue 2% above our guidance,
and we delivered stronger than expected non-gap EPS, also above our guidance, every remain on
track to drive revenue growth for the full year. In line with guidance, total direct to consumer
revenue was down approximately 3% with e-commerce up 3%. We grew wholesale revenue mid-single
digits and benefited from earlier shipments, as well as the intake and relaunch of the Calvin
time women's sportswear and gene species in North America. Since we last spoke, we have seen an
increasingly tough macro environment, while we have to recognize this evolved backdrop,
all our focus is on what's within our control to strengthen and expand the impact
of our own PVH plus actions. And in moments like this, when the external factors get worse,
is the time to sharpen our focus, get even closer to the consumers and expand our execution.
Based on this, I'll directly go into sharing the concrete examples of what actions we took
that drove our performance in Q1 and then briefly cover our outlook. I'll then finish with covering
the specific actions we will drive in the back half that are fully in our control and are
geared to move the needle. For Q1 drivers, I'll start with Calvin Klein. The world of underwear and
genes is a significant portion of Calvin's global revenues. And when we spoke last, we had just
launched our most innovative product franchise so far, die con cotton stretch underwear for men
with a viral cut-through campaign featuring bad bunny. It was built on a unique product innovation
rooted in our biggest product category and was complemented by very strong product marketing
activations that drove traffic to stores and boosted a conversion. This full funnel approach
drove a 25% increase in combined sales of icon cotton stretch and cotton stretch stands globally.
It's one very powerful example of where we are leaning into our core strength,
aligning all the pieces of the pvh plus plan from brand product and marketing all the way to
marketplace execution than we really cut through. Another key product category for Calvin is standing
in Q1 we put a lot of innovation into our iconic fashion denim offering, expanding fits,
washes and designs to be hyper relevant and through these actions we grew that part of the
14% in the quarter. Today we see a big difference in performance between where we have
strategically leaned in to innovate and where we had yet to do so. And in the back half of this year
we will accelerate the impact of these kind of initiatives to cover a bigger part of the total
the sort of them. In addition to the strategic roles initiatives in the main lines,
we checked off the year with Calvin Klein's return to runway, which dominated the New York
fashion week conversations and placed an important role in creating a strong halo for the brand.
Talk to your talents including Dua Lipa, Alexander Skorskord and Pedro Pascal were styling
collection looks of cultural defining moments in the season, like most recently at the Cannes Film Festival.
Turning to Tommy, similar to Calvin what we see in Tommy from a product perspective
is that where we innovate and put fashion into our iconic styles, whether it's garment-type
linen shirts or an evolution of our monogram t-shirts or when we add seasonal relevance to our
iconic table knit sweaters for men's and women's we draw much stronger performance.
We built our most recent summer lifestyle campaign, hill figure resort on this learning,
where the product is iconic Tommy made current through an infusion of seasonal relevance,
amplified by some of our best performing talent, including Patrick Swordsnager and Madeline Klein.
Earlier this spring Tommy also launched two new collections, a women's collection with Sophia
Richie Grange and the Hill figure sailing collection as part of our partnership with CLGP.
Both collections were showcased across all key platforms and channels.
And going forward you will continue to see these kind of seasonal collections and
new takes on Tommy's iconic style always playing back to our biggest businesses and biggest
and activated in our key wholesale doors and stores globally. Finally, on the brand side,
Tommy delivered breakthrough fashion attainment at the meth gala,
after dams and Idris drove up to the meth steps in the race car from the Highland
dissipated film F1, wearing a custom Tommy Hilfiger race suit before dramatically revealing
a red Tommy taxi to walk the red carpet. It became one of the most talked about entrances,
both in global headlines and in social media, and it captured Tommy's iconic style and cultural
relevance. Now, let me turn to our regional performance, starting with Europe. We kept strengthening
our strong brand position in the region, with overall revenue increasing mid-single digits in
line with our plan, and driven by growth in both D to C and wholesale. Importantly, as planned,
total D to C turned to growth in the quarter, increasing low-single digits, and we delivered our
third consecutive quarter of store growth. Despite the continued muted consumer backdrop,
we drove better conversion across the region with particular strength in the big consumer moments.
At wholesale, we delivered mid-single digit growth driven by the sequential improvements in
order books for the spring 25 season compared to fall 24. We also benefited from earlier spring
as summer product shipments compared to the same quarter last year. As we shared previously,
our fall order book in Europe finalized up low-single digits versus the prior year, reflecting
the strong execution from our teams to improve the overall assortment and the successful
quality of sales initiatives we took last year. In the Americas, our team continue to lean into the
next-level execution of the PVH class plan, as we worked to unlock the full growth potential
of both brands, and once again delivered a double-digit EBIT margin. This is a big improvement
from when we first launched the PVH class plan. Overall revenue increased high-single digits,
above our plan driven by earlier wholesale shipments, and supported by the relaunch of the
women's sports-wren jeans business at US wholesale following the take-back of this license.
D to C store revenue in the quarter declined on lower traffic, although conversion continue to improve,
and we grew e-commerce mid-teams. Where we delivered strong spring fashion newness,
we drove strong growth, which for Tommy was led by newness in sweaters,
linen fabrications, and fashionties, and he talvin, the men's new icon portal stretch
underwear and fashion denim. Across both brands, we continue to drive strong performance in e-commerce
with higher traffic and higher average owner value. Within wholesale, we launched calving
flying women's sports-wren macy's in over 150 doors, supported by a special marketing campaign,
and we invested in building out the new shopping experience. Moving on to Asia Pacific,
revenues declined low teams on a reported basis, and low double digits in cost and currency,
due to weaker customer confidence and the earlier timing shifts of lunar new year into the last quarter.
While we delivered e-commerce growth in cost and currency, overall performance was more than
offset by declines in stores and wholesale. As we shared last quarter starting in February,
we began to face incrementally tougher headlines in China, which have seems continued,
while we're optimistic about the opportunities to grow our brands in the regions,
we are realistic about the continued headwins from a challenge backdrop, particularly in China.
In this backdrop, we continue to drive product elevation across outerwear, sweaters,
pollos, and denim. And our strong brand ambassadors, including men, you, jeez,
straight heads, demonstrated our continued ability to amplify with global talent,
to excite consumers and remain strong in key consumer shopping moments.
Turning to inventory and the build-out of our demand-driven supply chain.
For the start of the year, we built up and involved our never-other stock program of core essentials.
We did this as a deliberate effort after multiple seasons of being too low in these products
and often missing sense. At the same time, Q1 started with lower than expected demand for
basics and essentials. This has led to us leaving the first quarter with higher levels of inventory,
as part of our demand-driven supply chain, we have adjusted future buys, which will align
inventory levels to current demand trends in the back half of the year. This is high quality,
fresh inventory, of core essentials, that we will keep adjusting over time based on demand.
On the licensing front, as we discussed last quarter, we have a large and diversified global licensing
business, which is a key competitive advantage for us. Our licensing partners help bring our
vision to life across multiple complementary categories where they are experts,
from watches and freight grounds to IWARE, and they are critically important to how we drive
sustainable profitable growth through the PVH Plus plan. In the first quarter, for women's North America
wholesale, as planned, we took back the Calvin Klein sportswear and jeans licenses, which are
key to our lifestyle expression, and for spring 26, we will take back our Tommy Sportswear license.
Included in the licenses we are taking back are specialized wholesale category businesses,
like Out of WARE, which are presented outside of our brand-specific lifestyle paths,
often on a dedicated section of the store. And this week for one of these specialized
categories, we are entered into a new licensing agreement for men's and women's Out of WARE,
with an expected launches spring 26. As I mentioned, any new licensing partner we complement our
assortment with their specific expertise and be fully aligned with our brand directions.
As a reminder, the overall contribution to our total global licensing business from the G3
license takeback is only 20% of our expected licensing revenues for 2025, and 80% of our licensing
revenues are from long-term brand-building partnerships that we are growing together.
Now, let me switch gears and talk about our overall outlook.
Across the industry, as I mentioned earlier, we are navigating a very uncertain consumer
and macro environment that has become increasingly challenged over the past three months.
The tougher retail trends we saw in February continued, we call some resentment further
weakening to some of its lowest-recorded levels since the 1950s. This has translated into traffic
trends coming down in the US and around the world, and this backdrop has led to increased
promotional levels. We're also navigating the impact of terrorists. Based on our latest
assessment, we estimate that the unmitigated impact of terrorists creates a headwind of approximately
65 million to our full-year EBIT, weighted predominantly in the second half of the year.
We're taking a variety of steps to mitigate this impact, which sack will discuss in more detail.
Our business in China also continues to face a dynamic situation. While we remain on
Moth Kong's unreliable entity list, we continue to engage directly with Moth Kong as we work
to a positive resolution. We remain fully committed to serving our Chinese consumers as we
have for the past 20 years, and we are investing in our growth in China for the long-term.
As we navigate these external factors, and as we share last quarter, we're also working
through the Calvin Klein global brand operational challenges that we experienced as we for the
first season built up the global product creation capability for Calvin Klein in New York.
This work was a significant undertaking and absolutely critical to unlock the brand's full
with the first globally-created product cease and now in the markets with spring 25,
we now have our arms around the full impact of these challenges, and they all come from the
same root cause in that the team had to spend too much effort getting the new go-to-market
process stood up, which constrained product development timelines and forced sourcing delays.
Combined, this led to a margin headwind, we dominantly waited to the first half with some
carryover into the second half of this year. We have been laser-focused on addressing these
transitory operational challenges. Last month, we announced new leadership with the point of David Salman
as the global brand president for Calvin Klein. David is already fully in with the team,
bringing his deep experience driving pvh plus performance across operations, regions and
our brands, and I'm encouraged by the level of clarity and rigor at which he and the team are working
to resolve these challenges and get our execution to where it needs to be. As we shared last
quarter, we are seeing sequential improvements already for the fall 25 season, which will further
strengthen for spring 26, and will be able to start creating the fall 26 product season from a
very strong place. Through our pvh plus execution, we are quarter by quarter building the capabilities
we need to build these brands for the long term. This is a process, it takes time, we will continuously
learn and improve to become stronger and stronger over time. From a financial perspective,
as we look ahead to 2025, although we are reaffirming our revenue guidance of flat to
up slightly, we are not yet in a place to fully compensate for the effects of these strong
macro forces, and that's why we have to just our full year non-gap guidance down for both
ebit margin and eps. Important to note is that we are targeting to exit the year in a stronger
margin position, which SAC was shared more details about. This would be supported by the
business driving actions I just outlined to drive the back half of the year. Our delivery of 200
basis points across savings from our previously announced initiative, and by having resolved most
of common operational challenges. And we've spring 2026 products seasons in both brands on time
and with strong gross margins, that position says for a strong profit start of 2026.
Let me just say that this guidance is not what we set out to deliver when we started the year.
Now, as a leadership team, we're leaning into where we have the strength in the pvh plus execution,
and we will expand this impact already for the back half of this year.
Globally for calving client, this means that we will continue to build our iconic
top-through campaigns, amplifying our core strength in the world of underwear and the world of
jeans. Building on the successful launch of our icon cotton stretch, we are this fall launching
the equivalent in women's underwear, which is our icon cotton model program. You'll see us
activate again with a full funnel, cut-through approach, featuring one of the most current
global superstars in music. Next to this, we will also continue to build out our
men's iconic underwear campaigns, similar to the Jeremy Allen White and Bad Bunny format
that became viral global sensations, and every time we'll add product newness in innovation.
This time supported by superstars from the world of sport, music, and including K-pop,
where Calvin has so much strength. Along with these underwear anchor campaigns, we will
lean in and expand the impact of other big rose categories for the brand,
like fashion denim and outerwear. Finally, for Calvin, we will also direct more of our
media investments to highly targeted traffic driving media to further amplify these campaigns
and further strengthen the wholesale and in-store impact. In Tommy, you'll see us launch a new
cut-through fall lifestyle campaign, where we will amplify the strength of the fall
assortment with a 20% increase in media investment versus last year to drive high quality traffic,
and we will build out the top, middle, and bottom parts of the consumer funnel for maximum impact.
In connection to this, you'll also see the newness in Tommy's fall product
assortment with improvement across fabric, function, and fit. This is the product strength that
drove the European order books to gross in the fall, and across our icons and key product
categories, we're designing into strong newness. We're also doubling down on our F1 program as
the sports expansion relevance in the U.S. and globally. You might have already seen that we just announced
the new partnership with K-pop. Another American icon, where Tommy will be the first lifestyle
sponsor of the K-pop Formula 1 team, reinforcing Tommy's 40-year legacy of fusing fashion,
sport, and entertainment. Later this month, Tommy's featured in the high-lanticipated F1
movie with Damsenédris and Brad Pitt, which will be the biggest movie launched this summer,
globally. We're already seeing the impact of the film strong media campaign, which features Tommy
Hills figure on the mega screen in Piccadilly Circus, and we are starting to see incredible
engagement or social media. Across the regions, our grants are entering fall 25 with a stronger
product assortment across both key categories and strong newness in innovation in hero product.
With a commercial plan that tightly aligns our execution across product, marketing, and the marketplace,
and we will, in both Calvin and Tommy, have very strong fall and holiday cut-through campaigns
with regionally relevant talent amplification. In Marcus around the world, you see us in Calvin
furthering night the worlds of the underwear and denim, and in Tommy will connect iconic Tommy
lifestyle to culture anchored in a strong man's focus, and we'll do it in close collaboration
with our partners around the world. To further support our back half execution, as I've mentioned
for Calvin and also for Tommy, we're increasing our investment across the marketing funnel
to drive high quality traffic. In closing, for the first quarter we deliver on our plan,
driven by our discipline, pvh plus execution, and we have our sleeves rolled up,
focusing 100% on what's within our control to improve the back half of the year, by broadening
and scaling our successful pvh plus plan initiatives in both Calvin and Tommy across all three regions.
We are on a multi-year journey to unlock the full potential of Calvin, Tommy and pvh,
where it's all about tapping into the global consumer love for both Calvin, Klein, and Tommy
Hilfiger, two of the most iconic brands in the market, and step-by-step building them into the
most desirable lifestyle brands in the world. We are staying relentlessly focused, learning
and improving continuously to build the product strength, consumer engagement, and marketplace
execution that over time will tap into the full potential of these incredible brands, and make
us win repeatedly with the consumer, and as a result, create the most shareholder value over time.
And we dot, I'll turn to call over to suck.
Thanks, Defon, and good morning. My comments are based on non-gap results in our
reconciled and our press release. As Defon discussed, we were able to deliver a first quarter result
within the backdrop of a highly dynamic and uncertain macro environment, driven by the strength
of our two iconic global brands in discipline execution of the pvh plus plan.
For the first quarter, we delivered revenue above our guidance, largely due to the timing of
wholesale shipments in America's, with operating margin of 8.1 percent, within our guidance range
as we navigated an increasingly promotional environment. EPS came in slightly ahead of guidance
from my lower tax and interest expense. Additionally, we returned over $550 million to share
holders during the quarter, with the repurchase of 5.4 million shares of a common stock,
through previously announced accelerated share repurchase agreements in open market purchases.
I will now discuss our first quarter results in more detail, and then move on to our outlook.
As a reminder, as I mentioned during our Q4 2020 for earnings call,
beginning this quarter we have evolved our reportable segments to be one,
Amaya, two Americas, three Asia Pacific, and four a new standalone licensing segment.
We filed an 8K yesterday with the recast quarterly in annual segment data for 2023 in 2024.
Revenue for the first quarter was up to percent on both a reported and
consequence basis. Starting from regional perspective, our Amaya business returned to
growth during the quarter, with revenue up 4% in consequence, including mid-singled
digit growth in the wholesale business, and a low single digit increase in the direct
consumer business. wholesale growth for the quarter was impacted by a shift in timing of
shipments with Q2. Revenue for our European business was up 5% on a reported basis.
In our Americas business, revenue was up 7% driven by high teams growth in the wholesale
business, including the impact of Calvin Klein women's sportswear and jeans wholesale transition
in-house, and a shift in timing of shipments from the second half into the first half of the year.
This year wholesale shipments are planned to reflect the more balanced first half
second half waiting, versus last year when shipments were more heavily weighted to the back
half. In direct to consumer, mid-teens growth in our own and operated digital commerce business
was more than offset by a mid-singled digit decline in our retail stores
due to the challenging consumer environment. Traffic Trend ended the quarter lower than planned
leading to a more promotional environment. A line with our outlook, revenue in our Asia-Pacific
business was down 11% on a consequence basis, which included a 3% decrease through the earlier
timing of the lunar-new year shopping period that I discussed last quarter. The decrease also
reflects the challenging consumer environment in the region, particularly in China.
Revenue for Asia-Pacific Business was down 13% on a reported basis.
Licensing revenue was down 2% versus last year, with the decrease more than explained by the
previously mentioned transition of Calvin Klein women's sportswear and jeans in-house during the quarter.
In our global brands, Tommy Hill figure revenues were up 3% on both a reported and a
content currency basis driven by growth in a Maya and America's. Calvin Klein revenues were
flat. From an overall PVH channel perspective, our direct to consumer revenue was down 3% both reported
and in-conson currency. Sales in our retail stores were down 5% as low-singled digit growth in
Maya was offset by the declines I mentioned in America as an impact. Sales in our own and operating
e-commerce business were up 3% with strong growth in the Americas. Total wholesale revenue was up
7% on a conson currency basis and 6% on a reported basis, driven by increases in a Maya and
America's, doing part to the shifts in timing that I mentioned earlier. In the first quarter,
our gross margin was 58.6% a decrease of 280 basis points compared to a record high in Q1 last year.
As we've discussed previously, approximately 50 basis points in the decrease was the impact
of our North America license transitions. The remaining 230 basis point decrease was a result of
three main factors in the quarter. First, a higher mix of wholesale revenue in the first quarter
than last year, and a change in the mix of shipments within the wholesale channel, which has a negative
impact on gross margin but not on our overall profitability. Second, the impact of weakened
consumer sentiment and lower retail traffic, which led to higher promotions,
and third, incremental freight costs and customer discounts to address the impact of the
Calvin Klein product shipment delays. SGNA as a percent of revenue was 50.5%, a 90 basis
point improvement versus last year reflecting our growth driver five cost savings actions.
We are making progress and we expect the benefit of these actions to grow in impact as we progress
to the year. Even for the quarter was 160 million, an operating margin was 8.1%.
Learnings per share was $2.30, interest expense was 17 million, and our tax rate for the quarter
was approximately 17%. On a gap basis, we also took a non cash goodwill and other
intangible asset impairment charge of $480 million, which was primarily due to an increase in
discount rates. Inventory at quarter-end was a 19% compared to Q1 last year. The increase was
primarily due to one, as Stefan mentioned, a purposeful investment in best selling core product
categories, two, an increase to support up rejected sales growth in the second quarter, and three,
earlier a seat of summer season product to improve in the season stock availability.
Importantly, the vast majority of our inventory is core and current season. As we progress through
the year, we expect inventory will be impacted by tariffs, but otherwise begin to largely
align with projected sales growth by the end of Q3. And now I'm moving on to our outlook.
I'd like to start by reiterating what Stefan mentioned earlier. We are operating in a highly
dynamic and fluid consumer and macroeconomic environment globally. There is significant uncertainty
around global trade policies, and the impact on the broader macroeconomic environment and consumer
spending behavior. As such, our outlook is based on our best assessment of current conditions,
and it seems no material worsening. Overall, we are reaffirming our full-year revenue outlook,
but we are updating our earnings outlook to reflect a revised expectations for the remainder of the year,
with three main changes versus our prior guidance. The first is the impact of the recently announced
tariffs on goods coming into the U.S., we expect the tariffs currently in place will have an overall
net negative impact on our earnings in 2025, including an approximately $65 million unmedicated
impact e-bids, or approximately $1.5 per share, some of which we will be able to mitigate
through strategic actions in the second half of the year, and some we will need to absorb.
The net impact of the tariffs and these actions are embedded within our guidance.
We believe we are relatively well positioned to face tariff headwinds. We have a strong
globally diversified revenue base, with U.S. revenues accounting for approximately 30% of our total revenue.
We have a strong and established network of global sourcing partners across more than 30 countries,
and our leveraging these deep, long-standing relationships to identify ways we can further
optimize our sourcing and production costs, sharing the impact with our partners wherever possible.
We will evaluate strategic discount reductions to mitigate the potential tariff impact,
and while we are focused on delivering price value for the consumer, we are also ready to
say calibrated targeted pricing actions where we have pricing power. As normal course of business,
we continually assess our prices based on a number of factors.
In addition to the newly enacted tariffs, the existing macro pressures have created an increasingly
challenging consumer environment, particularly in the U.S., the tougher retail trends that
emerge beginning and early February have continued. As such, we are already experiencing
a more promotional environment across the market. We have had to increase our promotional
levels across both brands. We are now forecasting the more promotional environment to continue
for the remainder of the year. Similarly, our business and China continues to face a challenging
consumer environment, which is driving more promotional activity there as well. And as Stefan mentioned,
we remain on Mofcom's unreliable entity list. And finally, as Stefan discussed, with the first
globally created products season for Calvin Klein now in the markets, the full extent of the
transitory operational challenges that we discussed last quarter are now a parent,
further contributing to our margin headwind this year. The outcome of these factors are
leading us to the following financial outlook. We are reaffirming our overall four-year revenue guidance
of flat to a slight increase on both a reported and consequence basis. Exchange has improved since
we last spoke in describing some favourability to our top line. As such, we now expect a reported
revenue is more likely to land at the higher end of that range. Our revenue outlook for
Emmaia and America is remains unchanged with planned growth in both regions in 2025. In Asia
Pacific, our outlook for the region overall also remains unchanged with revenue planned down mid-single
digits in constant currency. Gross margin is now expected to decrease approximately 250 basis points
versus last year. Our previous guidance was a decrease of approximately 100 basis points,
of which approximately half is due to the impact of the G3 transition in North America from
licensed to wholesale, and the rest largely explained by the transitory impacts from centralizing
the Calvin Klein Global Product Kitchen. The incremental 150 basis points decline is attributable
to higher discounts as a result of the significantly more promotional environments. The impact of
the incremental Calvin Klein operational issues in the net-negative impact related to tariffs.
This includes an unmitigated impact of approximately 80 basis points,
partially offset by the impact of planned mitigation actions, which will primarily take effect
in the second half. While we expect the promotional environment to continue all year,
within that backdrop, we are planning improvement in the second half,
later to what is within our control. Specifically, we continue to expect the transitory
Calvin Klein issues to have a greater impact to first-half gross margins with the impact
lessening in the second half. On SGNA, we expect the expense to be lower in
currency in 2025 compared to 2024. As we previously saw MACRA headwinds gathering,
or SGNA plans for 2025 already included a decrease of approximately 100 basis points as a percentage
of revenue. As I discussed last quarter, we expected to drive significant cost savings connected
to our growth driver five actions, with saving showing up more powerfully as we progress through
the year. These actions will simplify our operating model to drive more efficient ways of working,
focused on our global technology stack, our global distribution network, our operating model in
Europe, and our support functions. We expect these actions to deliver 200 to 300 basis points of
operating margin expansion over time and expect to exit 2025 with approximately 200 basis points
of this savings realized. As a result of the increased gross margin pressures, our four-year
operating margin is now projected to be approximately 8.5% and EPS is projected to be in the range
of $10.75 to $11.00. While operating margins are lower than last year, we expect to exit
2025 back at double-digit operating margins with both gross margin and SGNA actions contributing
to improvements compared to the first half. Our expectations for interest expense in our tax rate
are unchanged from our prior guidance. According to the second quarter, we are projecting revenue
to be up low-single-digit on a reported basis and flat to up slightly on a constant currency basis
compared to 2024. In a Mayan, we expect continue growth and DTC to be offset by a low
single-digit decline wholesale, reflecting the timing shifts with Q1 I mentioned earlier. In
America's, we are planning revenue up high-single-digit and relatively in-line with Q1, driven by an
increase in wholesale revenue partially offset by lower DTC sales. In an age of specific, we expect
revenue to decline by mid-single-digits with the improvement versus Q1 primarily due to the
timing of the Lunar New Year shopping period that negatively impacted Q1. We are expecting
our second quarter gross margin to decline approximately 300 basis points with the Q1 trends largely
continuing into Q2 and an approximately 60 basis point impact of tariffs. We don't expect
our mitigation strategies to have any substantial impact into the second half of the year.
Press G&A, growth driver five savings will continue to deliver efficiencies and as such,
or SG&A expenses a percent of revenue is expected to decrease approximately 100 basis points
compared to last year. Overall, we are expecting our second quarter operating margin to be approximately
6.5 to 7%. Down, approximately 200 to 250 basis points compared to last year.
Ernings per share is expected to be in a range of $1.85 to $2.
Our tax rate for the second quarter is estimated at approximately 20% and interest
expense is projected to be approximately 25 million. Before we open up for questions, I just
want to conclude by saying, we're navigating highly dynamic and uncertain macroeconomic environment.
We are facing increased pressures from the significantly more promotional environments,
tariffs in the U.S., the challenging consumer environment in China and transitory operational
challenges in California. We'll operating margins are lower than last year in our previous
expectations. As Stefan mentioned, our focus is on taking proactive measures on what is in our
control, including specific actions focused on supercharging our trajectory in the second half.
With this focus, we expect to exit 2025 back at double-digit operating margins.
And we are setting up for a stronger spring 2026 with higher on-time deliveries, increase
product-go-end margins, and stronger commercial plans amplified by increased marketing investments.
All building momentum into 2026 to deliver sustainable and increasingly profitable growth.
And with that operator, we would like to open it up for questions.
Certainly, thank you, Mr. Cochlan. Ladies and gentlemen, at this time, if you
do have any questions or comments, please press star one, you can always remove yourself from
the queue if your question has been addressed by pressing a star two. Additionally, to get to
as many questions as time permits, we do ask that you please let yourself two one question.
We'll go first this morning to Jay Seoul of UBS. Jay, please go ahead.
Great, thank you so much. You mentioned that you think decreased traffic across many regions
in the world in increased emotional levels. You also mentioned that your brands have strong
product assortments and exciting commercial plans, but what gives you confidence that both brands,
both Calvin and Tommy, still have good momentum with consumers that they haven't lost
moments and that part of what may be is explaining the change in the guide isn't something of that
nature. Thank you. Yeah, thanks Jay. Good morning. It's so clear to us, and especially when the
consumer backdrop and the macro gets worse is everywhere where we lean in and tap into the consumer
love for Calvin Klein and Tommy Hilfiger, and then we line up through the pvh plus focus,
increase newness and innovation in product, cut through marketing, stronger wholesale and
historic execution, we really win and we win big despite that macro. So take the biggest product
innovation in Q1 in Calvin Klein, one of the most promising proof points is the new product
innovation in underwear. So if you look at what we did there is, we leaned into the biggest
countergreen Calvin Klein men's underwear. We leaned into one of the biggest product franchises
and then we put unprecedented newness and innovation into it. Innovation that's not existing in the
market we were first. And then we amplify that with one of the most streamed artists on Spotify,
Bad Bunny and yes, it becomes viral, but what's really interesting is in this backdrop we drove
25% gross within that big franchise. So in one move we moved one of the top three product franchises
for the biggest category in drunk 25% gross. Then what might what might be missed by some,
but not by the consumers, we're also increasing the start to introduce denim next to underwear
because that's a really big iconic category for Calvin Klein as well. And the improved and
innovated fashion denim into one drove gross 14%. So what you see in the back half, what you see
us doing, what what what what what what what our focus is 100% is expanding and scaling this across
bigger and bigger parts of the business. We're moving from this investor call to an all-hands
call with our 20,000 associates and my focus there is about not yet. We are not yet in a position
to fully mitigate the macro headwinds, but look at where we lean in an execute 25% gross biggest
franchise, 14% gross on the fashion denim. And then you will see in fall how these actions
continue with more product innovation and product franchise introduction for men. Then we do exactly
the same for women. So one of the biggest underwear franchises for women's for fall is completely
reinvented backed up with one again once again one of the biggest artists in the world. And then
we continue, biggest artists in the world, biggest sports, tape hop and then we continue to
build on that. For Tommy, we see the same thing in Tommy. So when we lean into the iconic
strength of the Tommy lifestyle, the key both categories and then we infuse newness into those
we wing big. So it's it's all about going back to the iconic DNA making it current and then
for Tommy it's the lifestyle setting. So what's really exciting is the formula one partnership that
some of you might saw the launch of that yesterday. So we're coming back big into formula one.
And formula one is one of the biggest, if not the biggest growing sports from a viewership in the
world, also with especially with a young consumer. And there we are combining two American icons,
Cadillac first U.S. team coming back on the grid with another American icon, Tommy Hilfiger,
who was 20 years earlier than most other lifestyle brands in formula one. So we have the proof
points is 100% correlated to where we lean in and execute and coming back to the town hall right
after this is talking about the sharpening actions and the scale that we grow this for the back
town. Thank you so much. Thank you with the next amount to Michael Denetti of Evercore.
You guys thanks for taking our questions here. Nice job at the relaunch of the formula one business this week.
Just that was one of that. Can you just reorient us a little bit around the buckets in the cost
out efforts that we talked about last quarter. What were they? I think the size of them, if any timing is moved
around and just remind us, I think many of those stretch, you know, beyond 2025 into 2026 to help us calibrate
the models here. And then just backing up. Are there any concerns as you look at some of the unevenness
in the operations around Calvin Klein here recently that some of these cost days are cutting
into the muscle or contributing to operating volatility in the past few quarters?
Yeah, so let's start time like a good morning. So let's start with the Calvin Klein
operational challenge of that we experience from bringing the Calvin Klein global product capabilities
together, which is an absolutely critical needed move to unlock the full value of the brand going forward
and win with this kind of product newness in innovation. We just talked about what's exciting to see
is that the team has worked through it in a way that the biggest effect is soon behind us.
We are improving for fall 25 already the back half of this year. We start now basically.
We are improving it significantly for spring, another really big step out. And then
very soon we start the product season from scratch for fall 26. And then we start from strength.
So, and the way we see that we are making this progress is that we see that for spring 26.
We see that we're on time on both fronts. We see that the going margin is improved versus last year
significantly. So we see the KPIs. We see that yes they have to take too much time in the first season
to sort out the going to market process. But now I'm very much by also amplifying by David
coming in with a deep operational and brand experience to connect both the creative strength that
we already have to scale that, but also secure a systematic repeatable operating model.
Good morning Michael. I think maybe on the cost piece maybe I'll try to put that into
the context of the bigger financial picture first. So in the first half as we take a look at the
the financial outlook. As we said it's really a first margin story and I say that because in the
first half we are growing revenue which is a big commitment for us this year and we're seeing
S.G.N.A. percent of revenue coming down. So that's a good strong foundation. So I described in the
prepared remarks what's happening around gross margins. We have that picture and second quarter's
large are going to be consistent with that. So that sets up the baseline. You know if I think for
us and this is where the cost actions come in and what's important is the bridge to the double-digit
operating margins and for Q. And that's actually pretty simple and very much in our control.
The first and most obvious is the general seasonality of our business. So do how the day sales
last year for example for Q revenue 14% higher than two Q. So with that we get really powerful and
leverage. Beyond that though it comes through the value driver five or cost actions that we've been
talking about for a couple of quarters now. So we've made very good progress. No slides on timing
and I think to remind everybody to pillars, you know, a couple of them that are directly in our
control and already seeing significant progress on. So a decentralized technology mapping into a single
global text app taking advantage of both our scale getting cost out and coming out will significantly
better outcomes. And also around the global logistics network with a big focus on increasing capacity
utilization in the U.S. So we're already seeing some progress on those in the first half and that
is why you've seen the S.G.A. delivered even in the first half. As you move into the back
end of the year, the totality of all of the actions we're still on track to deliver between
two and a three hundred basis points of S.G.A. leverage the reductions out of that and two hundred
basis points of that delivered by the fourth quarter of this year compared to the fourth quarter of
last year. So the combination of those two leaves is feeling very good about the work we're doing
around costs and the boy that point is two from a trajectory for the second half and let
leave in the year or double the job very much again. Thanks for the talk, guys. Appreciate it.
Thank you. We'll go back down to Dana Telsi of the Telsi group. Hi, good morning, everyone. I want
to dial in on carrots and how you're thinking about carrots and factors we go through the year
on the mitigation strategies that believe in that $65 million of unmitigated, how you're thinking
about it and what are you seeing in terms of pricing cases for each brand in the U.S. and impact
on margins. Thank you. Well, thank you, Dana. Good morning. Let me start by creating some
context around what the terrorist situation means for PVH. So it's important to just note that 30%
of our business is in the U.S. 70% of our business is international. So we have a much higher
international share than most of our competitors. And a sac mentioned we have identified
$65 million in unmitigated terror effects for the rest of the year. And just like everyone else,
we're working through our mitigating actions in this fluid environment. So we have the strength
of having Calvin and Tommy, which is two of the strongest and most beloved brands. So that is
strength when it comes to all the different parts of the knowledge chain, the partnership with
our all the way from the partnership with our sourcing to the partnership with our retail partners.
So sac, do you mind giving a little bit more detail on what that means? Yeah, step on mentioned
our two biggest mitigation advantages are the globally diverse of our revenue base and our
strong global supply base. But beyond that, we're working through several other specific initiatives.
So first, we're leveraging this deep, long-standing supply chain relationships, identify ways we
can further optimize sourcing and production costs, sharing that the impact of terrorist
partners were possible. And then beyond that, you know, step on mentioned, we remain laser focused
on perceived value for consumers. So we will evaluate to take discount reductions to mitigate
potential terror impact. And lastly, consistent with our normal course of business, we're also
ready to take calibrated and targeted pricing actions, where we have particular pricing power.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. It was the next now to Brooke Roach of Goldman Sachs.
Good morning and thank you for taking our question. Stefan, you've talked about acceleration
of some of the innovative and creative product into the back half. And also the opportunity to
take some strategic pricing reductions, pricing increases, whether that's a reduction of discounting
or otherwise. Can you help us square that with the outside levels of promotions that you're expecting
in the near term? What do you have to do to make the brand more resilient from a pricing perspective
as macro impacts start to weigh on the consumer? Thank you.
Yes, thanks Brooke. It comes back to doing more and scaling the impact of the PVH plus execution
in how we've been strength in the product in the key growth categories, in putting innovation
into the hero products. And if you look at Tommy, I took a Calvin Example before which is
quite powerful with a biggest product introduction in a decade with plus 25 percent. It's
a great example, plus the 14 percent increase in benefits. It's doing strategically sharpening
our focus to do more and more of that that has a bigger and bigger impact on the total business.
But also for Tommy, we see it in key categories like sweaters, where we lean into our iconic
cable nets. And we expand that. And we put new better fabrication. We innovate in colors.
We connect that then to the lifestyle of Tommy. And as Formula One, it's a great, great lifestyle,
a great anchoring point for the lifestyle. Because then we take the Tommy love for the brand.
And we connect it to those innovations in key product categories. And then we connect it to the
sport of Formula One. And then we follow up. And that's something that's worth saying as well.
For the back half, we're putting more marketing spend in a more focused way to drive traffic
to do what you're just asked Brooke, which is to mitigate more and more of those tougher
headwinds. Because it's the way we operate the business is that it's 100 percent almost fully in
our control and expanding that impact. Thanks so much. Thank you with the next now to Matthew
Boss of JP Morgan. Great, and thanks for all the color. So Stefan, maybe to break down the step down
in top line trends that I knew you cited to start the year. And then the leg lower that you cited
here in May, in the Americas, or the need for additional promotional activity to hold the trend line.
I guess how much of this do you attribute to the macro backdrop relative to execution? What's the
pace of improvement that you see as reasonable? And then Zach, could you just walk through the progression
or maybe dig a leg deeper into the embedded gross margin for the second quarter versus the back
half of the year? And just drivers of gross margin recapture if we think about next year.
Yeah, thank you, Matt. What we have seen over the past three months, as we mentioned, is a
tougher, consumer, and macro backdrop, especially in North America. So we see the consumer sentiment
coming down, translating in tougher traffic trends to the sector, and then impacting us, and
impacting us in store traffic more than e-commerce. So what we also see is that the China
backdrop from a consumer sentiment perspective is continuing to be tough and coming down.
And even though that we are able to execute with strength in the big consumer moments. And that's
when when we look at today how much the North America consumer sentiment and the terror effect
plus the China, we are not yet in a place where we can fully offset that. But why I say not yet is
because one, the actions we are taking in the back half is stronger and it's expanding the pvh plus
impact. It also connects to what Sach said that in the back half we will have most of the 200
basis points of cost savings from the cost initiatives that we have been on now for quite some time.
But it's really taking in in the back half and we have good, good visibility to seeing that
that is coming into place. And then we also see that we are resolving Calvin's operational
challenges significantly improved in the back half. And then when I look at 2026 products season,
both brands are on time, both brands have a positive gross margin going margin starting 26. So
that's that's how we see that we are we are able to keep the revenue gross because we said we
were going to drive back to gross this year. We're able to keep the revenue gross going for this year.
We're taking a margin hit that's we are in the beginning of this note able to fully compensate
and then coming out of the year we are back out. All right and thank you Matt to the second
part of your question. Maybe I'll answer looking at our gross margin per cent for the full year.
So original plans for the full year gross margins down around 100 basis points. Half of that was
tied to the G3 business model transition and about half of that original decrease was tied
to the inventory Calvin Klein issues we've talked about here. Now as we look to the full year
being approximately 250 basis points down that extra 150 basis points as two main drivers.
50 basis points is due to the mitigated impact of tariffs. And the other 100 basis
points is the is an increase in the promotionality that we were just talking about. So just
to you know put that in context that that's 100 basis points includes all three of those components
that funds mentioned here. So there is an increase tied to the U.S. declining macro consumer
sentiment and lower traffic. There is the tougher consumer fact drop in Asia and all particular
situation. China and then third is the sort of a bigger impact than we're planning initially
around the CK operational challenges. So I think that as we take a look there in the second half
of the progression we do expect to see sequential improvement in the CK operations issue. So
the X-carrying longer than the second half and will improve significantly especially in 2026.
But we do see expect in second half we are planning for that commercial activity to maintain
through the rest of 2025. So no sequential opportunity there.
Then exiting 25 into 26 we do expect to be putting the Calvin Klein
challenges fully behind us during 2026. So that's another step forward that we'll see.
And beyond that with tariffs over time we do expect that you know we'll be able to work
towards full mitigation of the unmitigated impact. So that will be improvement over time as well.
And then we'll adjust to whatever the broader macro environment is just like we've done this year.
Great color best of luck. Thank you Matt. We have time for one more question.
Yes sir we'll take that question now from John Kernan of TD Cowan.
Great thanks for taking my question.
Is that what are you planning in terms of the promotional impact in gross margin for the back
half of the year it looks like you know the 60 basis point impact on gross margin from tariffs
in Q2 implies a pretty steep impact from promotions and maybe a few other impacts.
But I guess how do you how have you reserved room for a higher promotional environment in a
back happened here within the current gross margin guidance?
Yeah you know I think thank you for the question. I would say consistent we'll just talk
about a little bit of the we've got the impact for the full year we've put in as around 100
basis points tied to the increase promotional environment. That impact is sort of we've
solved through the first quarter we plan through into the second quarter and we've assumed that
that level remains for the rest of this year. You know we have overall of the last couple of years
been quite consistent with and the uncertainty of potential outcomes we maintain where we are
called the broader macros there and that includes assumptions around promotional environment and
we are planning for that to continue the trends that we've seen so far this year through the rest of
the year. Understood thank you. All right with that we want to thank you for
following along on the multi year journey that we are on to tap into the full potential of
counting time and Tommy Hilfiger and we want you to know that we are responding to the moment
we're leaning in to sharpen and expanding our very strong PVH plus impact because when we tap
into that iconic brand love for Calvin and Tommy and then we do it super focus we're connecting
innovation in product cuts through marketing campaign investing behind it driving efficiency
behind the scenes but then letting the consumer feel that we really cut through and that's what
we are continuing today. Thank you. Thank you again ladies and gentlemen that will conclude today's
TVH first quarter 2025 earnings fall. Again thanks so much for joining us everyone and we wish you
all a great day. Goodbye.